Danielle-George Weekly Meeting
Sat, Nov 22, 2025

2:06 - Unidentified Speaker
Hello.

2:08 - George Eastwood
Hi.

2:09 - Unidentified Speaker
How you doing?

2:13 - Danielle Alpher
Good. How are you? Fine.

2:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

2:20 - Danielle Alpher
Thank you for your flexibility. I had a breakfast Meeting with Mark Allen yesterday morning. He is a gentleman that Jose connected me with who is part of the planning committee. And he wanted to talk about like other stuff, not, you know, our usual planning committee or things like that. He actually wants to talk about AI. He is the newly named, he was interim executive director for Waterfire, but now he is, they offered him the position full time. So now he is the official director of Waterfire. Cool. So we talked yesterday about kicking off, and I was kind of thinking you might have a function in this too. I definitely think you have a function if you'd like, holding a series of conscious where we get together and I envision it more of a panel, not a circle talk because that's, I would, I'd like to, you know, pick some interesting topics to discuss like the impact of AI and how Zen is something that can help us as humans. Kind of come to terms with it and what it is. And, you know, even just we could have a whole session on what is real and how can we how do we know the difference. So I was pretty excited that I knew he had wanted to do that. I didn't expect him to say that he would do it as the executive director of Waterfire and then possibly even bring in Barnaby. I forget Barnaby's last name. Are you familiar with Waterfire? Do you know anything? Yeah.

4:33 - George Eastwood
Yeah, we regularly try to go. I remember the genesis of it when I lived here in the revitalization of Providence and pretty familiar with that. I guess I've always, even at that age, was it? How long has it been around, like 25 years or something, probably?

4:57 - Danielle Alpher
Oh, look at this. So I'm just looking at their About Us page, because I haven't done this yet. 1997. Well, no. Is that true? First fire, 1994.

5:09 - George Eastwood
Yeah, so I was like 13, living in Pawtucket. And even then, like maybe early teens, later teens, I'm like, how the hell do you get something done like this for a city, right? It always seemed like, what is the point? Like, especially as a scientific person, like, I like it, but how do you even propose funding and doing it? And like, it must be a pain in the ass, right? Like, that was some of my early thoughts. Like every nonprofit, that's the case, right? But yeah. I don't know if I have writings, but I did a lot of, like, zen executive leadership in AI, like, wrote essays to myself, like, in the last two years. If I had more time or wrote even more, that was, like, the only content of, like, a blog that I would write when I had extra time. And then I was actually at the National Academy of Sciences on Tuesday in D.C. I was part of a panel on patient data, trust, and AI in regenerative medicine therapies. So that was my panel on Tuesday. I was down in DC having this very discussion. And it was good. It was the most, you know, usually I'm like reciting a few points and saying, remember patients, and we have to get more treatment to patients. This was more theoretical and more fun. It felt more like the Venn Center than it did my usual talks. So just a lot of fun. Yeah, I had an AI ethicist from George Washington, somebody from the National Institutes of Health, and then a PhD researcher that I know well, moderated by an ethicist from University of Miami. So we basically just had this full day of AI, and we were on the trust side.

7:06 - Danielle Alpher
You know, we could even make a whole retreat out of it, too. You know, come and stay on a Friday night, and then have like discussion, day long discussions, workshops, kind of like Dharma teacher training weekend, you were part of one of the sessions there. So you saw I mean, we just went from session to session all day, we could totally.

7:26 - George Eastwood
Yeah, I got to go into the best one, the Zen in therapy, like the last letter that I wrote Jose and email was about that exact thing. So got to wander in instead of meditation to listen to that one. That was good.

7:41 - Danielle Alpher
Well, actually, that's really good. This is, you know, very organic conversation here this morning. So that's a great example. Instead of meditation, you attended a session, which is kind of like a Dharma talk, but not just talking about the Dharma, but it's how we would apply it in these situations or really just conversations. And about how to even digest the situation.

8:14 - George Eastwood
Yeah, and I don't know if it's when I'm at the Zen Center. I notice incredibly strong opinions there more than anywhere else in my life. Like, I don't know what it is, like the therapist in that room having such a clear delineation of how it works between Zen and therapy. It's almost like you can always see other people's bias better than your own. And I'll never see my own. But it does seem like my expectation is there that we're all going to be further along in not being so judgmental. But then when I go there, the first year was everybody complaining that Trump's going to blow up the earth. And I'm like, just like AI, through what method does he have the ability to kill all of us in the way that you're talking about it that's not a news headline that is unreliable? And I would just listen. And same thing with AI. I had my two cancer survivor board members that I love when I started recording every Meeting. And I just kept asking them, from what you know of AI, how is it going to hurt? And they couldn't come up with an answer, because they just Read a headline that it's going to take us over. And then now Jodi, she uses it to write her newsletter, where she used to run even my writings through AI. To see if it's real or fake. And I'm like, what is real anyway? What have I learned that's not learned from somebody else that I met earlier in my life? I am just a remix of 40 people, so I seem unique. I just have ADHD, and I sound unique because I bring in 40 perspectives to George. But I'm not much different. And that's been my preaching for three years. Actually, it's about three years since I started using AI every day. I did a presentation for our foundation, literally, of founding members in their small town. I had a picture of our founder doing research to save her daughter from cancer. It was like this cartoon came out. Last week, I had to give her a slide for a talk, our founder's wife. It took a black and white picture of her and made it look like it was her, like the stark difference in three years. And I had the receipt from it, as you say, right? Like the first image is like this. I'll have to show you it later. And then the other one is like, Carrie looked at it and she's like, is that a real picture of me at a desk? How did you get that? I'm like, that's AI's growth in three years. But yeah, it's interesting. But I have noticed it's, I wonder if, when I go to the event center, I set such an expectation that we're gonna be nonjudgmental, that the judgment seems stronger. And I wonder how it is when I'm here, I don't notice it as much.

10:51 - Danielle Alpher
I had that phenomenon too, where I had an expectation that, well, at least these people or aware of the situation, you know what I mean? But it's...

11:04 - George Eastwood
I had the conversation with one of the Stanford new PhD, PI, genius, I think African-American gay man about Donald Trump needs to cure cancer. How do we get Donald Trump to cure cancer? That's like the thing that we say, me and my people, to make most of the environment we have. We have a certain administration, but everybody wants to run from that comment. Like, oh, it's pointless. It's like, well, the administration is the administration. I can't change that. Any other thing I do is not me doing my job to cure cancer. So how do I proceed? But it's interesting you had the same phenomenon, right?

11:45 - Danielle Alpher
Well, and what that tells me is that's me having an unexpected That's exactly where I go.

11:54 - George Eastwood
It's like, and then if that expectation is there, am I like pretending when I go there that I'm less judgmental? But if I am pretending, maybe it's going to spill out into real life. You know, seems like it might have.

12:06 - Danielle Alpher
Well, and back to the comments about what is real and all of that. So last week when we spoke, I was, I was reacting. You know what I mean?

12:21 - George Eastwood
I was- And that's real too. You know, it is telling you something, right?

12:26 - Danielle Alpher
Well, and what it was, so what I took from that, cause I digested it and then I sat last Saturday. So I think I talked, when I talked to you on Friday, I even said, I'm going in to sit with Jose. So I'm going to have a day to digest. And then I did go back Sunday for practice. And my sit on Sunday too was like, good because I had Saturday. Anyway, one of the things that I was really bothered by last week by that situation was there was, you know, a person in a situation. So I'm in a situation with, you know, any number of people, and then one of these people gets to just say something, which isn't real. And I know it's not real. But why do I know it? It's no, it comes down to it wasn't written on a document. So it is provable to be real, if we all agree that at least this is, you know, I'm saying, yeah, but in the Congress, it was a good lesson. This was a huge lesson for me. In the conversation. I was the only well, me and were the only two people who really knew it wasn't true. The others would have to go there. The others would have to question, because how would they know? They didn't see this. And what I was bunched up about was because I was like, it's here, it's here. But really, in that situation, it doesn't matter. I'm the only one holding onto that and then reacting and responding. And then I'm justifying, well, it's not true. It's just not true. And then I have all of my reasons for wanting to do that. But in that moment, the reality of any given moment is truth is fleeting. Because if we really only have that moment, and that one person could say something that wasn't true, but yet have that whole group then believe it. That's, I, it's back to the whole, like, if you've ever listened to Alan Watts or any of it, you know, this whole, this is all an illusion. We, we, so Anyway, that was a huge lesson for me last week, this week, because I had a couple of consultations with a few teachers too about the situation, because it's all me. It's my response.

15:20 - George Eastwood
It's like, how do I, you know, how do I- Being able to bring it to people is the only way you can have the experience of digesting it is what I've learned too, right? If you can't sit there on your own and be mad that you feel You can't.

15:37 - Danielle Alpher
So anyway, it's, you know, that whole situation will, it's, it just, George, it's the weirdest. The woman is the weirdest. I don't, we had the sit down with the accountant who then, you know, sat with her and showed her and she did September correctly on her own. If you could do September correctly, correctly on your own, why weren't you doing this since March? And Lori asked her that. And she said, I didn't know I had to. And I Googled it. What?

16:20 - George Eastwood
Like, this is why. But the system, like I say, the reason we make a process is so a system is telling you what to do, not a person. Same thing with like Lori and having like the accountant do it. If you kind of, that's like my CEO who thought I was brash and like non-patient. Oh, he was actually good at this part. It'll work itself out if you like point the right thing to it. But he had all the patients in the world. I don't have that when it comes to curing cancer. Sorry. So we're going to push forward. But he had that way of, you know, get that, like the accountant working with her over time, that will solve the problem. It doesn't change how you feel, but it is the solve is that will eventually surface if you keep letting that connection happen. But that's hard to do. I'm still in the middle of it here in our foundation. Will that progress in that way since September was done right and there's Lori connection, will that continue?

17:21 - Danielle Alpher
Well, thing now. Basically she's got to go back and fix everything from January to September. They, you it the first time, did it all wrong. Lori went in, kind of tweaked it and fixed it, which was what enabled and aligned the numbers, which was what enabled Amy to do September correctly, or even reconcile September because Lori fixed things. Then we paid, so we paid Amy to do it once, we paid Lori to fix it. Then we said, all right, Lori is going to undo everything she fixed so she could show Amy how to do it properly. So then we paid Lori to undo everything. Then we paid Lori and Amy to review it again, because then that was the sit down where Lori undid it. And then she was going to redo it side by side with Amy to make sure when he was doing it correctly. So on this, we've paid for, and now we've got to pay Amy to fix it, actually, which is what's happening now. So the next Meeting is going to be, well, the next steps, the next Meeting is December 2nd, and the next step is Amy left Lori Thursday, and she was going to, again, review January and then do February and March, and then Lori was gonna check it to see. So that's where we're gonna see if she can fix February and March on her own, based on the time spent with Lori last Thursday, and what she demonstrated with her work in September, which again, doesn't make any sense, because if you were able to do it correctly now for September, why didn't you, haven't you been doing it all along? I didn't know I had to, okay. What do you think you're doing?

19:20 - George Eastwood
Dave Chappelle has in his stand up about how like white people can get away with just saying, I didn't know I couldn't do that. And like with cops versus like a black guy cannot. And I've always think of that. It's like the most like it's so egregious that the answer is I didn't know I couldn't do that or I didn't know I had to do my job. Right. It's the same thing to me.

19:40 - Danielle Alpher
It really is like that's why.

19:41 - George Eastwood
Essentially, it felt like people were looking at me. So I decided to do it right. That's usually what happens is like, oh my God, I'm that threat. And I, when I was 25, I got fired from my sales job because I was trying to be the CEO in, in, uh, in Maryland. You know, I'd be in the back talking to the scientists and doing my thing and not calling customers. But when I sensed it the last two months, I started like prospecting and doing my actual job. When I got fired, I was like, yeah, I definitely knew it was on the horizon, but my goal was to be a CEO later in life, not be a year old sales rep. So it's still work. I've learned a lot, but I got fired because I wasn't doing my job. But I remember that last month of like shaping up and looking like I was doing what I was supposed to be doing very well.

20:25 - Danielle Alpher
Well, and that's the thing. Chip has even said, you know, it doesn't seem like the woman even wants to be a bookkeeper. She doesn't. She wants to handle that. She wants to pay the bills. That's what she wants to do. And then she wants to fight people for money. She'll tell you that anyway.

20:41 - George Eastwood
Yeah. Well, I mean, just a couple of meetings. My personal side is too many opinions for somebody doing the bookkeeping. Like, that was my three meetings, probably, that she was in. That's the only impression I had.

20:55 - Unidentified Speaker
No, it's not a thing.

20:56 - George Eastwood
There's no room for opinions in bookkeeping. Especially jumping into a finance community Meeting for a couple of years, having opinions. Shit, I don't even have opinions. Like that. And I've been in the meetings.

21:13 - Danielle Alpher
I invite you to share your opinions with with about this situation, because it's even even if she gets this stuff correctly, correct. I just you know, as a as a I don't know, this is where I just got to be open. But I The chemistry is not there, I don't, if that's a good way of saying it, I don't know.

21:41 - George Eastwood
And if it gets there, then hopefully it gets to just being that, right? It's a job, this isn't the practice, this isn't a friendship, get the job done. If it can get there and get done, then that's it, but can't.

21:56 - Danielle Alpher
Right, well, and that's where we're at. So in that, that's the only place we're at right now, which is, we'll see how she does February and March. One thing I do need to ask Lori, is there an explicit expectation on when that was going to be completed by? By like Monday, Tuesday, like when? We do know, so she was going to let her know when that was done, and then Lori was going to check it from afar, because QuickBooks Online, and then she was going to give Amy the thumbs up or down or course correct any way needed, excuse me, and then Amy was going to fix everything from March to September. So in theory by December 2nd, by December 2nd we are supposed to, Lori is telling us if everything is going the way it everything should be clean. Now, does that mean the P&L? So the other thing that needs to happen in this is Lori and I had a system where if she was recording something and she didn't know what account to put it in or what category, she would just put it into miscellaneous expense, income, whatever, and then she and I sync up, I would log into QuickBooks, have a look. And I could either change, I could either make the change, but then that would have to give me Read, right? You can keep me with Read only. And then I have to have that call or conversation with the bookkeeper or whomever it is, as that person begins to learn where to categorize Right now, Amy, I think, is asking Sanim occasionally where things should go. She has never come to me to ask me where anything should go, which is, this is a problem, because she doesn't know where, she hasn't, how could she?

24:06 - George Eastwood
I imagine Sanim doesn't know either. It's my guess, because, and it's funny, it's almost like Tom in our foundation, he is a powerful speaker, a great father. People believe he knows everything about cancer research. Because he's such a great speaker. And people believe that he knows about the numbers, but that's what Carrie does in the background, his wife. But because of the leadership and the great person that they are, people assume they know, and then why would we even offer when we don't know? It's kind of a couple moments I've been in with Tom, and I... It's just one of those ones where we'll be talking to a patient. The patient will leave the Meeting thinking Tom's daughter went through a bone marrow transplant because Tom knows enough about it, but I'm like, Let me connect you with somebody that had a bone marrow transplant. It's like, go ask a dog.

24:53 - Danielle Alpher
This is totally the illusion conversation, too, because people walk away from it. Anyway, so yes.

25:03 - George Eastwood
And I'll say from that perspective, it's almost like a bookkeeper would always think that the person in charge has complete understanding of all the finances. But in a Zen center, it's not necessarily about the finances, hence we do so that's like the illusion of a regular business would be that and that's like the exact tension of that room with all the sticky notes is well there's a practice we don't need anything else well we have finances we do then that was right there in front of us three years ago. Right. And it's probably the the best learning for the business side of you and I is being a part of this because it's better for me because I'm not in it every day but learnings of, could I, I bring some of this to my, and I bring more patients to my work because I can see it could be the same everywhere, right?

25:54 - Danielle Alpher
Right, right.

25:57 - George Eastwood
But yeah, the, you know, from my executive coaching, and I've gotten better at this, and I'm still not great, it's almost like, so what's the need? Year-end planning. Year-end planning better start November, December. So December 2nd and working back, an email right now goes out based upon everything. December 2nd, we have to review the year. That means by November 30th, we need everything reconciled, which means by November 27th, can you give me feedback on February and March right? And just to everybody, and the deadline of what you need for yearly budgeting and planning. And then that's going to make somebody feel a certain way immediately. But that's actually what you need to do is make them feel a certain way so they step up drive the urgency. I had this conversation with my board chair about it. You know, we send the four-week, three-week, two-weeks to the committee chair leads so that they finally set the Meeting. You don't send it, Darshan. I have our admin send it so that you're not the bad guy. But it's just the urgency building in a nonprofit that those auto, not auto, she sends them personally, but she's like, get it into Darshan, get it into Darshan. And that's the piece that In a nonprofit, that's the way it goes. We don't have like a startup executors and that. So we have to like build urgency through like a guilt and exposure and process, right?

27:22 - Danielle Alpher
Well, and that's exactly what my is and my tactic is doing it through process. So Sharon, have you and I spoke about Sharon is a new member. She is a process and like process analytics and works. She's the go between, between like the engineers and the user community. She's an advisor and citizens and like, and she's, I asked her to do something. And I knew it, I have like, it's back in my inbox and she's really good at the volley.

28:05 - George Eastwood
Yeah. I have food. She's the chief marketing officer of a venture capital firm, Andreessen Horowitz. Like, they invented the internet. She's a Rhode Islander. She is, like, the only committee member. She literally gets it done. I actually owe her, like, something for a dinner we're trying to put together for potential donors here in Rhode Island in December. Like, I'm behind, and that's not usually the case. It's actually up in front of me is the holiday dinner for Rhode Island potential donors. But having that one person that just volleys back, that is, the key?

28:36 - Danielle Alpher
Well, and the thing is, is I'm trying to find a number two here, George, like I'm, I'm on the hunt for other committee members where we can have them and then a number two. But anyway, what was I oh, so the situation with the accounting and it's not and it's I'm putting myself on notice here too. If we are able to systemize and create a process. So Sharon's role and function in this whole thing with Lori is she's documenting the conversations and this process. So I said to her, Sanim, and to her, this is how I got Sanim to agree to allow Sharon to be involved. I said, first of all, she's brand new. She doesn't have any like historical Bias to the situation It's not me writing up the notes about Amy so it neutralizes Amy's She's gaslighting the situation by saying that she's feeling Managed by me but That's my function Right So, you know, and Sunim agrees, you know, he's just, he's not the guy that's going to document it, but somebody needs to. Plus two, I'm also trying to delegate more things off my plate. Like I can't take on another responsibility of documenting this Amy situation. Honestly, it should be Quan Heng Sunim who is doing it because he is the abbot and it, he is her direct manager. I am not. So, so that's what I'm like, how is, so he's not going to do it. It's got to get I can't be me. I'm overreaching. Plus there's an issue. So let's bring Sharon in under the umbrella of she's helping with processing, writing out the process for everything.

30:37 - George Eastwood
It's like an office space where you bring in the consultants and they just kind of ask what everybody does and the things get exposed, right? That's why it has to be an outside entity sometimes.

30:48 - Danielle Alpher
That's it. And it's working. And it's putting it. So what it's also doing, it's, it's showing the very many threads, because two things. Amy is has quantizing paying her for 25 hours a week. Not CEO was 12 hours. You know, Lori said, you know, she said I could do it in five, but that's Lori. Lori is a 34-year, you know, accountant for bookkeeping.

31:27 - George Eastwood
I mean, in a for-profit business, it's like, yeah, let's do that. Five hours a week at three times the cost. Four times the cost is still worth it and better and process-driven, right, and not personal.

31:40 - Danielle Alpher
And the other thing I need to do is I keep saying to Sunita George I keep saying it to you what we need to do is find a way to offset my hours right now I'm putting in for 30 hours a week I'm working more than 30 hours a week but that's all I'm putting in for we need to build a team where we're bringing somebody else in at a lower rate than me to offset some of my hours so we can, because we've got to figure out me. Yeah. Not because of me. I have to figure out my situation, which I am figuring out. But PZC has to figure out its director situation.

32:32 - George Eastwood
Yeah, and it's, do you want to be scrambling around setting up rooms your whole life? And long-term stability to do the practice more, right? That's always the question, right? Is the director somebody that runs around and doesn't organize? I mean, it was probably historically. But maybe, like, I think it's getting the board to say what the director is. Nobody's going to say, yeah, we want somebody that kind of answers emails and maybe answers the phone. Like, nobody's going to say that. So it's almost, how do you do that? You get the board to talk about how important it is to have a strategic overview of the director, right?

33:16 - Danielle Alpher
Well, I think one way to think about it, and this is good conversation for you and I here, Sharon is part of my plan there because Because, so, with this whole bookkeeping thing, a bookkeeper, it's very simple. I did it for her. I set up calendar tasks. Like, Zephy pays us out Monday. Okay, every Monday I show up, I have my coffee, and I'm entering Zephy, like clockwork. Then, you know, on the 15th, the credit card. Comes in okay so I know in my calendar every or I don't even need to do it on those exact days but what we will do is we will then be filling out a schedule of these tasks to really see how much time is required because and and what's involved because Mark Houghton again I think oversimplifies and says you know PZC doesn't have a lot of transactions the bookkeeping there is simple well yes the bookkeeping there is simple but it hasn't been clear and for a long time now year over a full year and we do have a lot because what do we have, probably like 500 transactions a month. So that is...

35:02 - George Eastwood
Yeah, good amount.

35:04 - Danielle Alpher
Right. So what I want to do is work with people like Sharon and even Gary to, well, we're going to spell out the literal tasks that the bookkeeper has to have, because this woman needs It's a step-by-step instruction. So that's fine. It's forcing PZC, what am I, what is this, what is our process for accounting, which is a healthy thing for us to do. Nobody on even the finance committee know, well, I know because I have a full inventory of every bill PZC pays because I did that work. Um, but anyway, ultimately be able to justify her hours, get, I don't think she should be, we should be paying her 25 hours a week. Yeah. And I want some of those dollars to be able to be budgeted elsewhere, but this is also back to, we were saying like, where does the director fit in as Sharon? Documents the process of these different things that I'm working on, it's going to show that this is from the director's side of the function. So then the convincing to the board where that Well, because this is something else we have to think about, George. The convincing of the board that the administrative portion should go to the director and not the abbot is more, will be more easy to see without having to be convinced. Does that make sense? Am I?

37:09 - George Eastwood
Yeah, yeah.

37:10 - Danielle Alpher
Because here's the other thing.

37:15 - George Eastwood
We always wish, like, it's almost, you can't get everything in one person, right? Like, I realize, like, I would never have started a foundation for my daughter. I wouldn't have talked about it publicly. Tom needed to do that. But with that zealot giving talks and being out there, there's like a momentum and a community built, but then there's not the business action behind it. It's very similar to like a Zen Center's mission being easy and inspiration and you don't need process. But that's why we didn't get a lot of donors was everybody loved the story, but there wasn't an outcomes. And that's probably the same thing in PVP because you don't have an outcome. It's funny as I say this out loud, the outcome is back to turning the Dharma wheel back. It's actually not an outcome. It's going back to its original state. How you get a mission aligned to an outcome? And how can you talk about your outcomes? It's like number of teams. There's a number of people at places, but there's no real outcome measurement to kind of galvanize.

38:20 - Danielle Alpher
Well, exactly. And that's what Daquan Sunim recently did a drama talk about. It's like, we don't have anything to sell. It's like, that's why it's a donation. Like, there's nothing to sell here. Yeah. We're selling an experience. Well, that's anyway. The other thing maybe we can talk about for a minute, what time is it? 8.38. We have Dharma teacher training. You don't have 10 precepts, right?

38:49 - George Eastwood
No, I talked to Jose a bit about it here and there. I always assumed I would have done it already, but if I on Tuesday nights to online Kangan interviews, I'd probably be there now. We started talking about it, but I will get there soon. And I think probably, Maybe my work travel has a lot to do with it, too. I still get the four retreats a year. I had two of mine where my dad passed the minute that we were about to start one of them. And then another thing similar was family emergency the day before. And it happens, but probably we'll get there. Probably not this cycle, but maybe the next one.

39:33 - Danielle Alpher
It'd be nice to have you on the calls.

39:36 - George Eastwood
Yeah, yeah, I'd like to because I think it will help. It's the practice of life. Even like I've been only doing 15 minutes every day, I can feel it like good or bad. I've been laying in bed for an hour and not doing, but that might be a good thing because usually I wake up and I'm obsessed with doing. So like I wrote about that this morning was like, OK, maybe it's good on Saturdays that I sit here because once my feet hit the ground, I'm not so good at stopping. Doing. But yeah, it's on the list. It's another conversation with Jose.

40:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

40:09 - George Eastwood
But it was like the dark, like the Zen student in the book, me chasing him around. Like there were six Sundays where I'm like, let's meet. And then he's not there. And then I'm there. And it's like, part of the thing is like, I got to like, I have to go and make it a priority and corner him and say it. And it's like, not like a test or the executive function of Jose at 830, are you going to be here to talk to me about that? Like I have to get that direct. That's like, like I'm almost kind of was begging to do it, but I got to chase him down. And then I did once and then all this work traveled. So it's funny how it works. I feel like I'm more Dharma teacher at work every day. Take a step back. What are we thinking about the morning huddle from Monday On Thursdays, I send, how are you with following up? Not as a boss, but as like a, you set priorities on Monday with us. I didn't even look at them after the Meeting, but here's the recap. How do you feel about it? That's kind of the way that I've been managing the foundation is I'm not so in. It's like you set an intention. You guys are both great. My two full-time employees. And then on Thursday, it's how do you feel about those? A, did you set the right intentions? B, did you follow through on them? You don't even have to answer me. Just think about it. Like, I don't care. That's my question.

41:25 - Danielle Alpher
Right, right, right.

41:28 - George Eastwood
But yeah, it's funny.

41:31 - Danielle Alpher
So here's a question I have for you. This is something that is sitting with me. This goes back to the function of the director and defining it within the board and all of that. I am able to do what I'm doing at the Zen Center, because I do have the support with Sunim, and he and I have now developed, we have this, you know, like working together, and we've had our ups and downs. We're going to continue to have ups and downs. That's not going to stop, but I feel, I do feel with each challenging situation, we may not have agreed or whatever, if it wasn't anything that broke us, it was more of a growing pain. So it's all positive.

42:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

42:32 - Danielle Alpher
However, one thing I don't know, like, I, this is gonna sound like a, I'm just gonna say it.

42:42 - George Eastwood
Yeah.

42:43 - Danielle Alpher
Um, you and I both know, you can do your in a role and function, but then the situation can change in permanence. Know who we would replace him with. And then currently that function would have the ability to just come over the top and completely Change whatever it is. I already have a foot Yeah, which could happen anyway in our careers. We've both I'm sure been there. I know But that's another like long game thing for me Which is why I need which is why I I can't Sustainably in this The way the situation is currently It's it's I you know, it's a it's a tough. What's the long game here for me? I don't like the way that sounds. But do you understand what I'm saying?

43:51 - George Eastwood
I mean, I was in the same boat here where I never imagined they could pay me enough for it to be my job. But then if we did a good enough job when I was taking a reduced consultant rate, then it could happen. Now, do I budget enough to even know if it pays my bills or if I'm draining all my money? I don't get that far. I'm not in the detail like that. I'll go make more money if I have to somewhere. But it was a very similar piece where I had my right-hand man, Adam, who's now our operations director. And he's not necessarily going to be the executive director I am. He's not a great delegator, but he's passionate and he gets it done. And I'm trying to coach him into, like, never needing me as his boss again. But I don't know if it'll happen. But I had an offer 20 minutes from my house, the blood collection type of business that I've always wanted. Full ownership of a division in a big company, but my own business unit. And I was thinking secession, right? So it was like, OK, Adam could jump in. I could be board chair. I have enough time to kind of guide him. It'll slow down the foundation's growth, but I need to look out for myself. So I had that kind of thought process. Then in the end, the offer was like, they weren't going to give me equity. And I'm like, I'm not going to get equity. I'm going to run this business. In the office every day and lose my flexibility, and I'm up against widgets, not innovation. Okay, no, but it made me have the exercise. You could argue, and my executive coach did, yeah, when that offer came in, it was a no-brainer no matter what, so all that other work, why'd you think about it? I'm like, well, actually, it was great for thinking about, I can't let the foundation ever fail, so how would I ever make it work if I had to move on to make more money to pay for Violet's College or something I decided in my head. It's like, if that happens, I would sell my house and live in a smaller house, because it's impossible to maintain this damn monastery of a house I have. But that's, like, the out plan is that for now, is, like, I really love this house, but I'm not that attached to it. And people can't imagine it, because I do love it. But in reality, I want to get that job done at the foundation. So that was, like, my decision. And I'm going to make more money where they have to give me a raise. Like, I'm going to make it happen, and we have the potential. But it was a great exercise talking to Adam. And it ended up getting me to get Adam as my right-hand man here at his operations, because he sees the vision that I had, because I had to explain it to him and bring him in. And I was actually looking for it. The thing that he was doing at the time was as a consultant and friend and volunteer. He has the whole map of inputs and outputs of finance. You would love it, because you'd probably have Sharon doing it now. And he's great at this, like the flowchart mapping of Zephy, Haku, Race Roster, all of the inputs of finance and where they flow and who does them. That was what I had him doing. He's great at that piece. But then he gets so far ahead that the people that he's mapping from don't realize he knows what he's talking about. And then there's tension. And then that's what he does every time. We're trying to get better at it. But it's like, yeah, I mapped out your whole life in two days. You didn't even know I was listening to you. Here it is. It's hard. Nobody ever likes that. But that's Adam, my guy for that. But it is the right thing to be thinking, because I've done the same thing and had the same existential crisis of the mission is so important to me that it doesn't matter what the mission is. Like, I may have shaped our strategy to be exactly what I need it to be. I'm not sure. Who knows? I say I didn't, I would have either taken the job or not. Where the mission ended up, I took it, well, gave it to myself. But similar, and maybe that's kind of your way, is what is the job of executive director and whatever it shapes to be, do I want it? Or yeah, maybe even calling it, we need an executive director, not a director, right?

47:44 - Danielle Alpher
And then that's the other thing too, is like, what is the function of the Abbott? Is the Abbott more teaching? Because just, you know, I'm thinking about who would replace Sinead?

47:58 - Danielle Alpher
Like I asked Colin Bevan, What was that search like,

48:01 - George Eastwood
I saw it from the outside, and I always, like, pick up on things. There was, like, a tech bro-ish guy that was overwhelming and posting weird stuff, and he was in one Meeting once. Like, there was something. Like, I never asked anybody, because I don't ask. But, like, when there was a search for an abbot, maybe even before Dennis. Maybe it was before Dennis. No. Or after. There was, like, a guy that surfaced that was, like, half-interviewed during one of the committee meetings, kind of disappeared. I don't know. I found it interesting. Whatever that process is, that'd be an interesting thing to know of, like, what is the process of finding the new habit, like, from the board level? Like, from a succession, 50-year plan. Like, you put it under a 50-year plan, not panic, quanhangsanim, or something, right?

48:50 - Danielle Alpher
Well, you know, you're actually making a really good point, and I should pose this to the planning committee. Interested in joining the planning committee?

49:00 - George Eastwood
Yeah, I mean, I would always be interested as long as the amount of times I can show up are useful and I'm not looked at like a random popper inner, or if that's okay if the random popper inner helps, but you can look at that and then let me know. Like I said, even the finance committee, I feel bad I can't be there all the time, but I think I'm there enough and I do other things enough to like understand that I can add value at times but certainly happy help where I can as long as I'm not not showing up or not that helpful or something.

49:36 - Danielle Alpher
Right so I'll talk to them about this Monday and I'll ask Chip because you know well Chip is on that committee okay so a couple of other things too well because the I've said it to you, but my brain's going into all these because there's a lot of things about this topic.

49:58 - George Eastwood
I mean, that's that's where, you know, I learned with my executive coach. I was so mad that I didn't say, OK, my leadership style is backbone and heart like the karate kid. Let's build a process, a template and do it. And let's only do that. That's not how it works. Like it's almost like where the tension arises is like where it surfaces again. And I've gotten better at accepting that. But I remember the first couple trying to detangle the foundation or my my last I co-founded, it was like me just complaining about my scientific officer, my CEO, my co-founder, and our admin team blocking and gaslighting people. Like, that was a year and a half of me doing that every Monday morning. But where that tension is is where you can, I guess, either let go or focus, depending on what the job is. But it is planning committees about long-term sustainability. Like, my brain and I've gotten so used to, like, linearizing my non-linear brain, the immediate story comes to planning committees about a 50-year plan. The problem we have with a 50-year plan is that Abbott turns over so much. How do we cultivate a list of Abbott's that are ready for the next succession plan? That's the biggest goal of this whole thing, continuity and passing down of information. And we talk about it, you and I, all the time. And then not become attached to that information that gets passed down? Out in the Zen Center helps me with, right? The burning of the books when the Zen Master hands you them. He's like, well, I don't want your damn books. I already have your teaching. And then the Zen Master freaks out. How do you balance those two things? Right. But I think planning committee and, you know, like I actually spent, it's funny, you're like, I'm just one step ahead, but the same story. Like I, post meditation last Sunday, I sent out three to my board chair, you got to build rapport with the board members, you got to get stuff in, you got to do this, you're in the minutia, be my boss like I'm not the board chair. Said he's panicking, but he's doing the work. But it was like, I held on to that for six months because I didn't want to hurt his feelings. Now it's been nine months, and that's how I started the email. It's been nine months. We don't have an executive committee. That's where I point to here is, if he had a vice chair that was a great organizer-doer, he wouldn't... He would look like a great board chair. All he needs is his number two and a secretary to review things. The first thing he should have done is build those people from the board with him. I was actually trying to nudge, but since they're not close with Darshan, I couldn't get them to do it. So I... My job is not there anymore, but I tried. But I let go of George trying to do his job And I think that's the piece of why... Is there a vice abbot, right? Like, a vice abbot... And then you can decide if they ascend to abbot or not. And then there's a select... It's like a coveted thing, right? I would imagine. I told my kids, I'm like, you know, I'm prepped for 20 years from now, if the Zen Center's in good shape and I got to sell this house, I'll just go be the abbot if they need it, and I'll be able to just do nothing. I could basically... We'll know everybody. We'll have this conversation. Structure and we'll just manage it and we'll have an endowment for the rest of the world, right? And you could do that too.

53:18 - Danielle Alpher
Many of us actually share that little fantasy, to be honest.

53:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

53:24 - Danielle Alpher
Which also tells, you know, I've had conversation with some of the teachers and they would retire to PCC. So the whole idea of developing some sort of residential Like, I would part of my little plan here is to put some, rent this space. Some point you'll have to come down, rent this house, and then whether we're out in the camper, or then have space at the Zen Center, or Lisa and I have talked about, let's take the Abbott house, knock that down, and build a duplex, and we'll each live there with our husbands. Yeah, I mean, it's a- Matt Keillor, Matt Keillor, who cheated Pope's name.

54:08 - George Eastwood
He would do- Well, I mean, in the finance meetings when Diego was in the numbers, and I was seeing disconnect in finance in those earlier meetings, I sent him one email and I never got a reply. It's like, the we get it. It's in competition with residents and practitioners. It's outside people paying rent. But that's the business. If the goal is residence, then we have to build a financial model to show how that strategy shifts. You're obviously working on that very thing in that traditionally, you think of a young student going in, but maybe we need to flip it in that the old students come in and create better young students, and they're the residents, right? Like, that strategy would be fun working from the top down. And I sent an email. I'll find the email I sent to Diego. It was like a year and a half ago, and it was literally Literally, I'm looking at the spreadsheets, and my brain goes to, to best honor the practice and the spreadsheets, it's a shift from rentals to residence, is all I'm hearing. How do you build a plan for more residence, knowing that it might take years to get somebody coming to the Zen Center to need to become a resident? And then when they do, they're kind of in turmoil, and they're there temporarily, and that's gonna be, but how do you build the turnover percent there versus the longterm? Like, that was my brain's highest level thinking.

55:28 - Danielle Alpher
so okay so we're talking about you participating in planning committee maybe we don't I don't I don't know maybe the other thing I need to do is development I do program development to me does fall under development chip and I have a little debate about this he's saying development is just fundraising well, then let's just create a fundraising committee. But development is developing the organization of which fundraising is part of that. But anyway, I don't want to split hairs too much with you.

56:09 - George Eastwood
I just sent you the email. It's funny. Diego, I love your thought process and share passion for the data. While we all know the mission of the Venn Center, it is a physical place that needs to maintain its existence. How do you look at the process of turning the mission into a financial model, given the revenue streams that exist? I'd love to hear your thoughts as someone who is a resident teacher who balances a professional life, right? Like, how do we get more Diego's, it was, but it really, for me, was layers beyond that was, it sounds crazy, but the financial model could 1000% align with the mission if people believe that financial models told the story of a mission.

56:47 - Danielle Alpher
Well, so I want to share something with you, I just want to sanitize something.

56:56 - George Eastwood
Yeah, that was May 9th, 2024. It was like a year and a half ago. I'm like, if there happened to be like a Venn master who was a CEO acquisitions guy, and he was thinking top down, you could really think of the financial model guy teaching, which is, I'll tell you, within four minutes of being in that room, and probably Quan Heng's name was most of the feeling in that room, I could feel the it's pointless going through his head that we talk about this, all we need to do is sit and meditate. But that's why we're not monks.

57:36 - Danielle Alpher
I'm going to share something with you. So I'm writing, rewriting the whole residential training program. Which email should I share this with? I would love you to Read it and then- Yeah, you can send it to my Whitehead Foundation email.

57:52 - George Eastwood
And this is the true George one person. Like everything, my therapy appointments, you name it, my admin team, my team I talk about. Thursdays at two, I have my therapy. Like I can't imagine I'd ever be a person that would be that open considering I was a blue suit, look like an MBA in my private equity company play the game, but now it's totally different.

58:17 - Danielle Alpher
Okay, if you could do me a huge favor and Read this, it's not short, and please, please comment on Like, I would love your... It's not done. This is a draft. I even want feedback on whether or not this document itself is logical for you. Um...

58:55 - George Eastwood
Yeah. Yeah, and, uh, it is interesting, because I don't know the requirements. All I know is that I pop in in the mornings and evenings when I don't have Violet sometimes, and there's never anybody there. Like, I think I've gone like three times in the last month, and it's like, uh, Quan Heng Sinim and like one other person. And I'm like, I got to learn to do the bell and things. Like, that's one thing I'm going to try to find time. I'd love to learn how to, I have no rhythm, no nothing, but I'll start. I know you, I saw you jump in and do it once and had the first time, maybe you did the evening chant. I think it was like, they asked me and I'm like, I have no clue. And you were like, well, I'll go do it. And that was the step. But I never see anybody. I'm only probably 10 times this year have I popped in for a random practice. But I don't think there's ever been more than three people in there. How could that be if we have residents, right?

59:48 - Danielle Alpher
Well, and that's, that's, you'll see resident roster. You'll even see who's here.

59:55 - George Eastwood
And then what is like the depth, the expectation of morning and evening practice for residence right now, like as it sits?

1:00:08 - Danielle Alpher
I'm not 100% clear, actually. That's the need for the document. Yes. So this is doing it, George. You know what I'm saying? I think it's either three mornings and four evenings, or four mornings and three evenings. But if you have to work, you don't have to be there. I don't know.

1:00:28 - George Eastwood
It's like once a day, you got new practice, which, you know, I commit to myself not living there here. So, you know, that's, that's, I think that's got to be the acceptable, right?

1:00:39 - Danielle Alpher
Yeah, I'm not, I'm not really sure. That's why even on here is practice mirror. And I want to propose a new practice mirror.

1:00:53 - George Eastwood
Yeah.

1:00:54 - Danielle Alpher
Well, and so I see you selecting. So yeah, if you want to run any this through anything, too? I need somebody to bounce with me here, George.

1:01:04 - George Eastwood
Yeah, throw to going I'm it in a Word doc just separate. It's funny. I had an article I was writing with someone.

1:01:10 - Danielle Alpher
Well, you saw how long it is, though. Did you get all the other tabs?

1:01:14 - George Eastwood
Yeah, just the intro one I was going to start with. Oh, OK. But it's funny. I made a copy of something that a technical writer wrote for an article I'm collaborating on someone with, I thought I sent my chief marketing officer, who's brash and to the point, like its own version. Turns out her comments went directly to the technical writer and they were like, so direct. So I was like, you know, in the future, I'm just going to like copy and paste into a little bit of my correction, just in case it like goes to people. Like, I don't know how it happened, but you know, being direct is what we'd like to do. But it was so, it was last week. It was so funny and it didn't hurt anything, but I was like, I know I made a duplicate and tried to keep it separate. We could be honest and then get back to the technical writer. But I was like, I'm going to copy and paste some text sometimes so I'm not blatantly exposing things. And I don't know who else is on it, but that's been my routine. But yeah, I see there's this. Like, even if I made a duplicate, and maybe that's my own bias, too. I should just write the notes as I feel. That might be me correcting before. But yeah, I'll look through this. And yeah, I mean, it's definitely extensive pieces here. But I mean, just amazing to have it all in one place connected to it, right? I've learned, like that hyperlinking piece, even in my own notes that I write, I've been at it for a couple of years of tagging and hyperlinking. And that whole notion and obsidian mind map that like breaks my brain. It actually is just commitment over time to getting better at it. I thought people magically had this structure, but it really is. OK, we're going to use Google and we're going to hyperlink to things. And when we talk about a project, it might need to be in multiple places, but this project is going to live here. And I think you've got a lot of that here. I see the links to the

1:03:07 - Danielle Alpher
That's that's exactly what the goal is here.

1:03:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:03:11 - Danielle Alpher
To have it. So, again, if you guys need to fly without me, here you go.

1:03:16 - George Eastwood
Yeah. And I think that's the thing is this stuff takes so long. I'm not good at starting this work. I'm good at like getting people to do this work with me and like iterating. But I do dig in to the extreme to like show that I'm willing to do it when I have to. Like my board Meeting process is literally like a 40 step Asana thing of get this info, do this info, write this, have that. Cause that's the most important is is there? You could argue it's not, but that's like the convening of our most important people all the time. So that thing needs to be done. And then the next was my bimonthly board letter that I have a process. I'm now trying to turn my Weekly Meeting into that. Like, what are the slides? What are the three buckets each week? Because in my head, I failed in bringing continuity to the Weekly Meeting. But certainly, do you think strategy is residence? That's the best way of the practice. But it needs to be financially secure. Successful, then this document is the key to how you deploy that strategy in a templated way where you'd leave. And that's the highest level breakdown that I can see. Residence has to be the goal. I think that's the spirit of the teaching and what I heard in all of these planning meetings. You want people living there to truly commit to practice. And that will lead to, if you say that's the number one KPI of the whole organization, that that will to Zen teachers and then people being committed and community growing, none of it would matter. And honestly, I think that's what Mark gets at and why it sounds so easy to Mark. Because he's a business-minded avid who did it, built a fund, had plans to make it bigger. And if he stayed forever, it'd probably have $3 million in the account, and they'd be able to just knock down the building and redo it. Because he uniquely has that mentality. That's why it seems so easy with Mark. Those one-off comments from him, I think. But you have to have the power of the right, and maybe you need to be a FedMaster teacher to be respected enough to do it. I don't know.

1:05:23 - Danielle Alpher
It all still takes work, though, and who's doing the work?

1:05:26 - George Eastwood
Yeah.

1:05:27 - Danielle Alpher
He, you know, I have. I worked very, very closely with Mark. I mean, again, what is real, my reality is that, you know.

1:05:46 - George Eastwood
Who was Mark's number two when he was a Zen master is a good question. What do they know and how did they go about it? Because I'm sure he had people when he was the abbot.

1:05:59 - Danielle Alpher
That's actually a really good question because I don't know anybody I don't know of anybody who claims to be Mark's number two. The street is frustrated with working with Mark. I don't know anybody who enjoyed working with him, literally, which is, oh, he's great, Zen master and all this, but I have not heard one person. In fact, it's all been quite the opposite.

1:06:24 - George Eastwood
I guess what are the numbers behind it getting done? Did the endowment grow? Did he do a good job of getting people to put into there? Like that might be- No, he didn't. I don't know.

1:06:36 - Danielle Alpher
He did it. The endowment grew with just him. So what I see here as a new person, I see a school or a loose group of practitioners who were then given Inca and then over the years gave each other Inca to build this group of of Zen masters and Gita Pope's names, and I even have the history of who gave Inca to whom. So, you know, not many Zen masters hand out Inca either, like, and there, you know, we are going to get one new Gita Pope's name this December. But I'll, I guess between me, you and the AI, you know, there, there are to, they want to bring people up, but they haven't groomed the people where they would even tap.

1:07:35 - George Eastwood
And we could argue that the people, and even me, one of them is not doing the work to go to the next step or not able to, or maybe not born to, I don't know.

1:07:45 - Danielle Alpher
Well, right. And then that's the whole thing. People do need to be groomed. So that actually falls under the power conversation that was had at the Dharma teacher weekend, too, because the big thing was, all right, you as teacher has power or somebody, you know, an abbot, this that has power. So then you have to be, we know that we may be then seeing somebody and grooming them. But that's our motivation, driving, not allowing it to happen for the person.

1:08:20 - George Eastwood
And I, it will be in my and my admin team will see it maybe, but Adam, my right-hand man, I don't know if I can get him to work with others. He's like a lone wolf and I am pushing it, pushing it. We talk about it. It's like literally like a Zen Meeting. The only way we are where we are is because of him. But when he built our patient navigator and our webinar, I asked him, how many patients did you call for the treatment center? How many patients did you call for the webinar? The answer was zero. He went in a vacuum and did it, and it's the right thing to launch. But if he included the patients and people, then he could hand it to them. But now that he's built it on his own, which four years ago, in a little retreat I did to launch my last company, he said his goal is to build something himself. And then I said, remember four years ago, I've been holding on to something. I think about it every meditation. Why did you want to join that company with me? Because I want to build something on my own. I'm like, can you ever build anything on your own? No. I don't know if he'll ever be And that's almost like business zen is like, I want him to be a CEO and delegate, but he's got to let go of the need to be doing anything himself. It's got to be only about the mission, especially in a nonprofit, but we can still be full of shit when we say that too. We don't know, but outwardly you have to bring the people along with you. And that's something I've focused a thousand percent on for five, six, seven years, because I was terrible too. The only reason I see it is because that was me.

1:09:44 - Danielle Alpher
Right, right. You can see, right, there's the bio.

1:09:47 - George Eastwood
The only way is the worst horse, right? I love the worst horse story. Like people want to be the best horse, I take the worst horse who keeps coming back and meditating, right? That's 100% me. But yeah, I think it's an interesting concept of you don't push people to do it, but what if the general society of the people in this area ever going to get there. So what would get there? Is it the changing of the residential requirements? Is it the Western style of Zen through Shonryu Suzuki, through Sung Sang Sunim that needs to be altered in a meaningful way for this next generation? Is it we'll come back around the other way through Dharma schools, existing and people being more socially conscious? I don't know. That's an interesting thing. And that's, I guess, where they're just like, yeah, it may fail. And if Buddhism and Zen fails in the US, then that's it. And that might be how the Zen masters and Quan Heng team are less attached than you and I will ever be. It's like, yeah, if the school roof does blow off, then I guess that's the way it was supposed to be. The world wasn't ready. It'll rekindle.

1:11:02 - Danielle Alpher
Well, and plus, you know, they're all in a stage. Many of them are in a stage of their life to where. I mean, so it sounds like you're years younger than me. So you said you were growing up in the 80s or so you were 44.

1:11:15 - George Eastwood
I'm 44. Yeah, I'm 55. So. I can say that.

1:11:16 - Danielle Alpher
And my husband is 65. So his attitude is he's like, these are my golden years now. So he's detached. He's got 10 more of practicing non-attachment than me. And this is the thing I say to my sister, too. I've just been here seven years longer dealing with mommy and daddy and the situation. You know what I mean? I don't know, but this is what I... Anyway, point is, is that...

1:11:54 - George Eastwood
And I think sometimes it's years and sometimes it's practice. Like, my mom's sick now, and I'm getting her to the hospital, and we're not even close anymore. We don't talk. But my job, I'm the best at detaching and getting the job done. So now I'm taking her to her appointments, and I'm doing it, and there's infighting of the sisters. But because of the practice, I'd say, if this were about me and her treatment in our relationship, then I could not do it. But since I put in this effort, I'm weirdly the best equipped, because I actually pulled away earlier and moved to Chicago. I was 25 got away. So now I can return the favor. But without the practice, I wouldn't. I'd be feeling all these things and wanting to bring things up. And I've digested them in many ways. So it's not always time. It's like a commitment to do I want to go insane or not? Right.

1:12:47 - Danielle Alpher
Right. I mean, it is just it's relieving to let things go. But yeah, I think this teacher community, too, just at there. They are now starting to really be more conscious of the succession, the need for succession, because I think it's happening naturally in their own lives. And that's when I when I talk to the teachers, I say to them, and I say it to Saneen, like Bobby, this is Bobby's last five year term. So the question is, who are you turning it over to? And I'm here to help. That's what my position with my parents was, I'm here to help. This is your rodeo. Yeah. I am here to help you see what you have and then decide how are you, how are you going to bring it to the to the next stage, which is of you not being here. So who are you handing it over to? How do you want to execute that?

1:13:40 - George Eastwood
Oh, yeah, going through with my dad in March. And now my mom, I mean, my expectation is she's not going to make it through through December with my being gone, like, just gut instinct. But I can't change that. But the real question is, why is she not taking her medicine or putting her oxygen on? Do we have the same goal here, to continue living or not? Like, I don't know. Nobody wants to have that conversation in my family, hence having a Venn Center is great. But assuming the goal is maximum staying alive, yes, I know what to do, and that would have been George 10 years ago, is you're crazy, let's do this and that. But I don't know if that's the goal, and nobody's explored themselves deep enough in my family, at least, to have that conversation. So my goal is to, within reason, bring my mom into the conversation. And very similar, like, you went through it, I'm sure. Everybody's doing their own thing. They're like, well, we'll pull the doctor aside and talk about her taking seven days of medicine and the dementia. I'm like, you know what? Mom's sharp as ever. She's playing dumb. She might have had a moment of weakness with low oxygen taking those seven days of medicine. I don't know. But I'm going to say it in front of the doctor and mom. Mom, do you mind if I bring up the thing that happened? That's the way I'm going to do it. And that's why I took over myself was we're going to triangulate and go behind. And that never works. Copy everybody on the email. And how do you find a way and live through it?

1:15:07 - Danielle Alpher
That was great when you called Sinead out on triangulating.

1:15:13 - George Eastwood
Yeah, yeah. And interesting, I felt good about that because I didn't say it. Look at what you're doing. Me five years ago would have been your triangulating situation. I actually pulled it out of like one thing that I've learned is not to triangulate. I would do X. And that's like six of executive coaching because I'm not good at that. I used to be I didn't know my family way about me, but it was usually like, A, B, C, are you fucking stupid? That was me six years ago, not swearing, but like, how could you not see that? And I'll tell you, so funny story, my mom has a pet monkey for 24 years. A pet? Capuchin monkey. Really? Without going too deep into it, she has a tattoo of the monkey, not her children on her calf. And this monkey has been more important, perhaps because you can cage it and not let it go be on its own. But that's my own psychoanalysis. Every health decision is, I can't do it because somebody can't take care of Keisha. It's a great excuse. I have to take care of Keisha. When she came home from the hospital last week, she found an influencer on TikTok that rescues monkeys, organized it, and the monkey went And he's on his way to Texas, and she's giving him a good retirement. She's going to get to view him on TikTok. My antenna goes up. Like, this is 24 years. Never getting rid of it. Now she got rid of it. Then the next day, she took seven days of medicine that I lined up for her. I have a guess what might be going on, and I'm going to be present to understand, where everybody else is like, she's got dementia. She's confused. And my brother and say, Keisha's gone. Next day, this happens. What do we think is going on here? But clear enough, I could see those two things. And all I can do is show up. Like, Sunday when I drove there, I thought I was going to find her dead. Like, I was like, I'm the one to do this. She was great. We went for lunch. Maybe she got rid of the monkey and is going to reprioritize her life. I don't know which way.

1:17:25 - Danielle Alpher
I mean, I don't even know this woman, but that's huge.

1:17:28 - George Eastwood
I mean, everybody, but my have never acknowledged the life we went through with a drinking mother who had a pet monkey that would prioritize. And so when I went there Sunday, I was like, I don't know if I'm helping my sister, my brother, my sister, my mom, or this monkey that's living in a small cage, but I'm going to go there and we'll see what That was like the practice, right? It was, I'm not going to be swayed by this craziness. I'm just going to go straight. So how do we apply that everywhere? Who knows?

1:18:05 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

1:18:06 - George Eastwood
And that's the part of, with my executive coach, I've learned it is the mission of the job. And I'm only frustrated because we're not doing the mission we all agreed to do by this statement that we did. I'm beholden to that. That's me being in public more and posting videos on LinkedIn. They're telling me I have to. I'll do it. I don't want to be the person there. But if that's the job, it's the job. How do you reconcile? But not a lot of definition here in the job, right? How can we? Does it want to exist if it requires changing things, like the practice of quantum school of Zen? I mean, I don't know. That'd be interesting questions. The 50-year plan through the lens of panels and asking the questions that we're holding on to. How would you feel if it collapsed because we didn't take fiduciary responsibility? Like, I mean, there'd be an interesting practice versus business. Because it was then AI and business was my blog thing. Like, there's an interesting connection amongst them.

1:19:12 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

1:19:14 - George Eastwood
And honestly, the AI thing, what a way to engage newer people in interesting conversations with topical topics. That whole series could be something that brings new people in. Completely. I feel it. I love it. And obviously, I'm passionate about the AI thing. But that would be, what are the topics of youth? Let's talk about Fortnite and Roblox. I'm deep into it. I play 99 Nights in the Forest every night with Violet now. I'm learning. She's coaching me how to gather wood and kill this deer. I don't know. I just refuse to jump ahead and learn because she keeps telling me I've got to get better than her at everything. I can't do that this time. I've got to struggle. So...

1:19:51 - Danielle Alpher
I mean, could you imagine, like, Jose, you know, or Juan Hengsinim, or whomever, you know, we have a Zen master or a teacher or... Even not necessarily... But no, I would like to have a teacher involved, too, because then that would be the official application back to the Zen.

1:20:08 - George Eastwood
I mean, I go to a Zen center that I'm very invested in, and I look for intellectual talks all over the world when I travel, because there's no forum for me to have interesting back and forth about really unanswerable questions. That's right. Why not host some of them that relate to our everyday life? I'd curate them. I have so many people in science and weird people that I introduce myself to all the time. We'd bring them in, get them talking to the Zen people.

1:20:39 - Danielle Alpher
That's exactly right. And I think that that's why Mark said to me, he's like, can we just meet for breakfast and talk about AI? Because he said, I'm looking for people to talk about it with, but like my circle, I can't because they either don't want to talk about it because it's dystopian or he wants a community of people to have this conversation with Asanga on this topic?

1:21:09 - George Eastwood
Yeah. Actually, I wrote a detailed LinkedIn post. It's like the exact comment that I wrote. When I go to these things, I try to think Jeff Bezos. You should write it out and spend time writing about things. I do have an AI system for doing it faster so I can get it out the next day. But very much, there was a two-line thing that is exactly that that I tried to convey, like, essentially, it's here whether you like it or not. So what do you do? I mean, it's kind of maybe even the practice, right? This is the operating environment. This is the administration. But there was this, I landed on a line that it said, yeah, I walked into the room with one reality in mind, patients and caregivers are trusting a system with their lives. Is sliding into this system, whether they The question isn't if we'll use it, it's whether it will make it more trustworthy or just more efficient. And that is... I am, like, the opposite, though. Like, I am in. Like, take my brain, map it all out, if it can help people take it. But on behalf of patients that don't have that opinion, I have to take the exact other side of how do we do it in a trustworthy way, fully knowing I could be manipulating the shit out of everybody with all that I'm saying to earn their trust, so we can take their trust, data, but also to save their lives, which they may not want, as I said earlier. It may not work. But I think it's the right conversation. Because what about consciousness, AI? Pretty interesting. Watch that Frankenstein movie on Netflix. Gives you a whole new perspective on consciousness and creating something that you don't know what it is.

1:22:50 - Danielle Alpher
What is it? Frankenstein?

1:22:52 - George Eastwood
Guillermo del Toro did a new Frankenstein. And I don't watch movies. Four nights in a row, I ended up watching it. It was really good. He's like a master of visual and horror, but really good Frankenstein called, like, Only Monsters Can Play God or something like that. Actually, now that I say the name, I get it more as I say it out loud, right? Lots of articles written around, you know, Sam Altman, Frankenstein. Is ChadGBT, right? Do you know what you've created? Do we know? That could be the headline of this series. The series could be that. But yeah, me, you, and Mark should get together, because coming up with the marketable... I've fully succumbed that we're humans and we need to be marketed to, even though I hate it. I'm scientific by nature, but I am... How do you get people in the room is with the story, and then how do you get them to stay is talk data and important things underneath the story. All for, how do you, but not like this versus that controversial, more like tell a good story about why we should address this and we won't come to an answer.

1:24:05 - Danielle Alpher
Let's do this. Can we make this like, this is great.

1:24:11 - George Eastwood
And I literally just came from, I don't even know how I was invited to it in all honesty. I got an invite from the National Academy of Sciences. I don't know who, the co-chair is like a very brilliant that I'm close with. She didn't tell me she invited me for any reason. She's like Elizabeth Holmes, except her device is real. Like, she's raised $200 million. She's genius. Nabiha is her name. I don't know if she invited me, but somehow I ended up there. I'm like, does anybody know that I'm this passionate behind the scenes? But it was good to be in a real conversation about it and to see how she curated a bunch of people In the room to have a little bit of a dialogue.

1:24:53 - Danielle Alpher
Maybe I'll see if Mark. I don't know about that first week of the seven day, but maybe we can get together like if I'm going to do any of that seven day, I might want to do at least three days of it.

1:25:06 - George Eastwood
Is that the fourth through the 11th or something like that?

1:25:09 - Danielle Alpher
like that.

1:25:11 - Danielle Alpher
But maybe we can meet if I don't do the whole thing that week or the week after. Because I would like to do something maybe as soon as February.

1:25:23 - George Eastwood
Yeah. And it could just be an hour, right? I always say gathering starts. It could be a panel, an hour, a half. And then you just do it quickly. And then you think about what the next one is that expands upon it. And it doesn't need to be a hour. It could be another topic. It could be the Eva's thing about the women piece. But not just I have the mic, Dharma talk thing, but more of a back and forth discussion in an event center where we pause and actively listen and try to understand. Yeah, I'd be all for that. Always trying to find vehicles to have the right conversations. But sometimes my work is limited in that, in that we don't want to upset anybody because it's a tense thing of like, life or death.

1:26:08 - Danielle Alpher
Oh, good. This is exciting. So what time it's 926 need to make my next cup of coffee. And so we in clean up a little bit of a mess I have in the living room. We went out yesterday and had lunch with some friends. And we came home last I have a bench of plants and I don't know, came in out in the dark, my husband tripped and knocked the whole bench of plants over. So I don't think I'm going to get to clean the whole thing in the next half hour, but I at least need to clear the path to the back door. Dirt. Yeah.

1:26:56 - George Eastwood
That's been one of my things. Like, can I do those things in the moment? And they're not always possible. But can I at least keep, can I not let it sit there for a week so that way I just leave it for a month? Because that's what I end up doing. If I don't do it right away, the novelty and the worry goes away and there's a big practice question in there too. Like sanding my deck here, I started it, did two weeks, listened to a 47 hour book on tape. Four months later, that box of sanding equipment is by my door and I haven't touched it because I went down something else.

1:27:26 - Danielle Alpher
It's kind of funny. My sister just sent something. Mike is our kitchen master, for the most part, and does all of our shopping. Of course, anything, everything outside, except what I want to do when I want to be outside. And then he'll do whatever I ask in the house. But for the most part, the interior is mine, so I'm house master. Yeah, I am the worst. The guy, my, I lived with a man for a short time earlier, it was who brought me down to Rhode Island. And, you know, he grew up with a stay at home mom and, you know, nice all this and he goes, plus Italian, you know, and as an Italian girl, I was raised to be very clean, neat, this, that, and he's like, You're not really that good at housekeeping, are you? No, I'm working.

1:28:30 - George Eastwood
Yeah.

1:28:30 - Danielle Alpher
Really good at working.

1:28:32 - George Eastwood
Yeah, I mean, that's the piece. And I say, you know, that's the way it works. It works even for my ex and Violet and everything. It's, we should get a nanny. She can seem to be a general manager of restaurants. That's what you're good at. She kind of tried to take a leap, and then that didn't work. And then that broke things up. I'm like, it's OK to have a nanny to do it if we can make enough money to do it because I'm still going to find that time to be special with Violet because I'm so committed. It's not like the nanny's going to raise her. It's just I hate cleaning. You hate cleaning. Let's look at the math.

1:29:02 - Danielle Alpher
Right. Sometimes that's exactly it. It's totally the time. Yeah. The time.

1:29:06 - George Eastwood
Yeah. I'm I always would get my house to a certain order. I was like the only man in apartments full of men that would put curtains up and do it. But I have to do it within the first week and get it because it's not going to change. Yeah. This house, I took a different apartment. I don't like non-unique art or things, so I slowly curated. I don't know if my background is there. I've got these weird bears and things that I collected, but now I'm over-collecting them. It's just I don't really care anymore. But it was a time, and now they're here forever. What is it? None? Let's see. Will it show it? Like my picture here, right? Old artist from Chicago that kind of blends pop art with things. I've got, you know, these bears that have Jackson Pollock in there. I've got this Renoir etching that actually is Renoir etched it from his Dance in the Country painting. It's the only thing I ever spent money on. It's this painting at MFA. But I over like five years, I just slowly decorated this and that's the win. I didn't go nuts and get things up or buy a Live, Laugh, Love sticker and I just can't do that. But it's slowly over time. But now it's pretty settled into a mess of random things around. But it's kind of the way my brain used to feel. So I like being at home.

1:30:26 - Danielle Alpher
The other thing I'm in the middle of right now, George, is I'm doing a major purge. I'm trying to empty this house, especially since we've had the experience of being out in the camper.

1:30:38 - George Eastwood
You realize how little you can live? My cousin doing the thing, he's gone extreme. Thinks he's Buddhist, I think he's nihilist, I'm not sure. But I can't imagine what you realize how you can live. It must be an amazing experience of like, why do I have all this stuff?

1:30:54 - Danielle Alpher
Well, I'm down to like, I'm not done, but I'm really close. And some guy came into the Zen Center the other night. And he made the comment about, oh, yeah, there's like this death purge. And it's funny, because that's kind of you know, my dad just passed and how much stuff, like even this, I have this thing, this, he worked for Siemens for many years and I just, you know, this Siemens lanyard with his name on it. It's like, how much of this stuff do you hold on to?

1:31:27 - George Eastwood
And then- I used to have a box and I was very emotionally detached. I had a box. Now it's like an old hut that should be for China that has like cool things like my grandfather's and like a thing for my uncle, but it's like an art memento of them. And then, but it's an interesting journey. I found like, most of mine were like, when I went to the White House Meeting, I have that lanyard, National Academy of Science, like all like the George PhD established intellectual stuff were what I saved. Care less about all the business stuff, but somehow there's like a scientific truth to it. I found a pile of my stuff. And even in my dad's stuff, The first talk I ever gave, I don't know how he got it, when I got his stuff from his apartment, it was this talk that I gave that I don't even know he knew about, but he had the badge from that. I cried when I saw that, because I was like, he can't really talk about my career. They think I'm a genius, and that they're all idiots, and all this stuff. But none of it's true. But when I saw that, I was like, wow, I have all the badges from my whole career, and he has the first one. We never even talked about it. Very interesting that you uncovered it, right? Like the lanyard thing. Faith with me because they're everywhere.

1:32:36 - Danielle Alpher
Right. It's, it's, it's, but I'm, I'm, I'm letting go of all of it. Like I have my communion and confirmation stuff. I have stuff when I was in kindergarten, I was like, I was always in the special classes because you know, I was just, you know, I was in college in seventh grade. So I have, I have, That was the kindergarten outfit they brought when I was on the news. And I had my little, this was back in the day when they had the channel seven pin in the circle. So I have one and I have.

1:33:13 - George Eastwood
Well, I mean, it sounds very similar to me. And as you say, it is very clear why I have all the intellectual stuff. It's because the genius eight year old never, like the identity never left me, right?

1:33:24 - Danielle Alpher
Well, that's exactly right. Same, same.

1:33:27 - George Eastwood
It's funny. Like I didn't really put it together, but I'm like, yeah, I kept the White House one because I was going to be president. That one's in my bag. That was from January. The Academy of Science one was pretty cool. For me, though, I'm not going to show it on there. I don't care. It's like my own being of eight-year-old George who wrote an inauguration speech.

1:33:45 - Danielle Alpher
Right.

1:33:46 - George Eastwood
That's funny. But it is hard. I am terrible. It's like, how do I repurpose this thing into something? So I did some art with it in the basement, abstract art, spray painting. Stuff from my dad's, glue it to a board, like maybe it'll go somewhere. Now the whole basement looks like a psychopath lives in that room. But that was kind of my purge. But I couldn't get rid of it. I just turned it into something.

1:34:09 - Danielle Alpher
Yeah.

1:34:10 - Unidentified Speaker
And I have no artistic ability.

1:34:12 - Danielle Alpher
No, I don't either.

1:34:13 - Danielle Alpher
I don't either. That's interesting. I think it might be too much right brain. I don't know. That's why even on Dharma Teacher Weekend, one of the relaxing activities on Saturday night was to do a guided art session, which just Willie Garvers and Paul Bloom's artist practice retreat.

1:34:30 - George Eastwood
You've got those little figures she made, right?

1:34:32 - Danielle Alpher
Yeah, that it was. Like as I was sitting there, I'm like, I'm not even going to grab a paintbrush because I had, you know, I don't I can't. Oh, I did. And it was nice. It made me want to go to that retreat.

1:34:45 - George Eastwood
Yeah, I did the I go to Pea Pottery down in Cumberland often with Violet and the kids. It's like the first time was the most anxious mess four years But I'm like, you got to fight through this. And then the next year was better and better. That one actually got to be okay. Putting a puzzle together, though, I have one that's glued in a circle now. I spent four months. It was, like, the hardest puzzle. And I'm like, you're not finishing this. Don't. That was so good. I just threw it with glue onto a giant canvas, and I spray-painted over it. I'm like, this is the sign that you don't need to finish everything. Screw it. But the painting did get easier. But I was an anxious mess because of the detail of the eye on this figurine and that thing. And then when I let go of that, it actually looked better. It's not good, but it's funny. I wanted to be good so bad that I couldn't get any better. That's an interesting path with art for me.

1:35:33 - Danielle Alpher
Yeah. All right. Well, this is exciting. And then the only other thing too, and I do have to go because now it's 25. I shared, I haven't done anything with the slides that you shared, but I did.

1:35:49 - George Eastwood
where they need to be when they need to be there.

1:35:52 - Danielle Alpher
Well, it's, and I want, I do need to take it to the next level because I did share some of those that were done or looked done, like the whole, you know, a Zen student once asked, and then the Kapow, and then the one with Quan Heng Sinim, and then the summer, because it was to the planning committee because those were done enough.

1:36:14 - George Eastwood
And those are the ones that they're really hard to do because it's like the, of everything we did, and that's all that matters, right? Like, getting the buy-in as each slide is added, I'll tell you, that's what I've learned, is I used to try to complete it all, and I'm going to convince these people in a minute. They already know, of course they're going to get it. That one at a time is probably the way, and if you just keep adding one, you and I, and you keep sharing it, that's the way it gets done, unfortunately. Unfortunately, it is. But that's great, because it is, you know, I liked it just because it had Quan Hanks and him doing the thing that I know doing and it had really, why are we doing this? Right. I mean, that's like, it's funny. Like I ended up spending most time on that, like thinking through the, how it felt to be there. And then the rest is like, okay, we'll, we'll turn that into something else. We got to get another moment of that. That's good. Hopefully they can understand that we've been doing those things. We stayed at it.

1:37:07 - Danielle Alpher
That's exactly, that's the whole point. And it was great because both Mark and Chip were part of that day. And when I showed those pictures that you included, they were immediately brought back. So it was very, very impactful.

1:37:26 - George Eastwood
I'll say, you know what taught me that? The positioning and framing. You have to give it context and prompt it. And how are we any different in every single Meeting we ever have? That got me to put more work into bringing people back to where Like AI, we're not much different. We need to be context prompted right here. So that's good.

1:37:51 - Danielle Alpher
Yeah. So I would love to, I mean, we're talking about so many different things now and what I also need to do is collect all of our conversations and file them. I haven't, I don't have anybody to help me with that. Like you have your admin, right?

1:38:06 - George Eastwood
And you might even not have to like Read AI is starting to group the meetings in one group. So I've actually now started to trust that the products are getting built and I'm not jumping ahead. So you may think you have to do that. Read AI now groups all of Danielle George meetings. I may be able to export them and it may not matter anymore. And they keep getting ahead of me on this. I actually have a good system for that, but the tools are getting better where I'll tell you, I'll check. Don't even worry about doing it because we might be able to just ask somebody to do it in AI right now.

1:38:37 - Danielle Alpher
That would be great because even just, notes for this whole conscious conversation series, it would...

1:38:49 - George Eastwood
Yeah, that little Claude code thing I showed you, say I put our 20 meetings in there and I asked it to run parallel agents to find 20 different topics and then write me a paper on each 20 topics, it would do that in 10 minutes and it might be every topic you'd imagine and we don't have to do anything and then we iterate on it. So that'd be a good...

1:39:06 - Danielle Alpher
That would be really good because then my goal what I shared with you for the resident program, I want to have a document like that for all the different topics. And then we could even have one, you know, one document that links out then to any given topic. And then that's how we even control who gets access to the document under her program, said program, if that makes sense.

1:39:33 - George Eastwood
Oh, yeah, that's, I mean, that is when I really think I'm Russell Crowe beautiful mind when I started hyperlinking context to context. And I have a few going, like my use of AI. I wrote a whole thing about the 35 different applications, and then I went back. So I've iterated on it. It's such a crazy, reconnective mess that I haven't gone back to it in a month. But it's the exact view where I had to let go for a month because I'm like, oh my god, I don't even know how to Read it now. It's crazy.

1:40:01 - Danielle Alpher
So it asked me the other, because I had conversation with I think yesterday, my head was like spinning a little bit, because there's a whole other thing going on that maybe if you don't mind reading something else, a new series. Yeah, I'll show you it, share with you another document. So I just was spinning. So I said to them, like, how can you help me? I need you to keep me focused, too. Because some, you know, I just go to it with all the work.

1:40:30 - George Eastwood
But it's, that's exactly when my big breakthrough was, I'm stuck and I'm calling people, I'm like, wait, I can just ask the same thing that I'm stuck in. Wait, I'm feeling X right now. What system of organization could you recommend for me? And it's at least better than nothing. It doesn't need to be right. It just needs to like take me out of my spin. Yes.

1:40:52 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

1:40:53 - George Eastwood
That's good. But yeah, we've got, you know, the slides at the top, those will be tools. You've got the resident thing and you've got the whole mission of residents to the goal, how do they connect to 50 years of that, right? Like that's the framework, the highest level.

1:41:05 - Danielle Alpher
And so then the other thing I also worked on is I've started a conversation with Chachi P.T. About give me financial forecasting. I uploaded the room list and said, tell me if we filled this place with residents only, guest stays only, rentals only, and then show me a blend. Because what I want to bring to a development committee, or even ultimately the finance committee, is what is a reasonable occupancy rate? I mean, metrics for this would be occupancy rate, because identify KPIs, and the occupancy rate will even allow us to forecast whether, so then that's the question, is it residents, rentals, guest stays?

1:41:56 - George Eastwood
And that gives you the support to show someone to correct, to make it better, right? I say it solves the blank page problem there, because that would be, you need two invested finance people to get to something presentable. But in Chad GPT, you could just, everybody's gonna start pointing out where it's wrong, and that's good. Like you'll get people engaged on the optimal mix if you can show something, right? That's right. I love that idea, that sounds great.

1:42:24 - Danielle Alpher
So maybe that's another thread that this AI is capturing and can add it to, you know, it's another doc. I could share a ton of stuff with you.

1:42:36 - George Eastwood
Let me, so this is, and let's see, in 18 minutes before Violet and I do something, let me jump off here. If I can export all of our transcripts and put them into my Claude code folder and then ask it to run agents around it and to write different topics that we've talked about and give us a synopsis, maybe that's a good reframing of all of this beyond just a recap. Because I've been, my recaps are getting so action-oriented that it's losing something. So I've been experimenting on narrative instead of list of to-do's. The to-do's go into Asana, but I don't send them to my team anymore. I ask it to write a narrative and then I correct it and I spend that time for the board Meeting and only the Meeting, the two most important top-down meetings. But I think in Claude Code, if I put them in the folder, I could just ask it. I did it with my whole 127 journal entries, and it wrote a biography of my life in three minutes that was the closest thing to my life that I've ever seen, obviously. But maybe I'll try to, if I can get it in 17 minutes, if you don't see it in 17 minutes, then next week we'll do it again. But let me take a stab, because it might give you a framing of all of that world that we've talked about, and then we can think of what is the next step from there.

1:43:47 - Danielle Alpher
Yes.

1:43:48 - George Eastwood
But short action, I think, obviously passion about it, obviously coming off of having a nine-hour day of seven panels and brilliant people theoretically talking about youth cases as it relates to patients and curing disease. So happy to continue that, too.

1:44:06 - Danielle Alpher
Thank you so much. Anytime. Really appreciate it. Maybe I'll see you tomorrow.

1:44:10 - George Eastwood
I think I'll be there tomorrow, right? Art thing. Violet and I are going to Michael's to get the pieces. We're going to bring some child-friendly.

1:44:17 - George Eastwood
Oh, great.

1:44:17 - Danielle Alpher
Yes, that is tomorrow.

1:44:19 - George Eastwood
I was supposed to be in running an 8K today, but I just couldn't get to Philly to do it with my team there. My mom getting her situated yesterday. So it's good. We have a board member. I'm not needed. That's even better that I'm not there and it's growing. All right. Bye, Danielle.