Danielle-George Weekly Meeting
Fri, Feb 27, 2026

5:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Hello.

5:32 - George Eastwood
Hi there.

5:41 - George Eastwood
How are you doing?

5:41 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 1
I'm good.

5:43 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 1
How are you?

5:44 - George Eastwood
Doing all right. Got some snow to circumvent. First day back to school, actually. Canceled four days this week. And where are you in the world?

6:02 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 1
Warmth? Yes. I am in Port Aransas, Texas. I am driving because today is really our last day here. Tomorrow, we do have tomorrow, but we leave first thing Monday, like we have a 6 a.m. Departure, so tomorrow is going to be about prepping. Although, yeah, so I said to him, like, I'm taking this call tomorrow. Beach. But then I decided to go, while we talk, walk along the boardwalk to see the birds. So Fort Aransas happens to be the migratory landing spot for birds from both poles and both sides of the equator. So the whooping crane are here now, you know, for a short period, this window. And then there's all sorts of other, I wish I knew, I had every intention of going on like one of the guided bird walking tours. I think it ever happened, you know, because it was always meeting. But it is a pretty cool area where we get to see like really interesting birds. There is a rose pink flamingo that's here that apparently got knocked off course because they don't really belong here but he's here, he's been here. So that's kind of cool too. Mike actually bought a camera while we're here to take pictures. But then the beach is a whole other scene. The wind is so wild.

7:54 - George Eastwood
I saw it was going to be 60 degrees next Sunday. Violet was looking at the weather. I'm like, we should go to the beach. Actually, tomorrow it's going to be 48. I was like, we should go to the beach and look at the snow on the beach because it's with two feet of snow. It'd be funny. Yeah.

8:09 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 1
At some point, you're going to have to take a ride down to my place. We're on the beach. Oh, now I know where that is. So there's this, I don't know what this is called, but it's an area that gets filled in with the tide or when there's big storms. Is it a bay? I don't know. I'm not really good with naming But they have these series of connected boardwalks and we are in a campground that's on one that takes you out to this viewing area. There's other connected areas that people are referring to that I don't know what they're talking about, but I think I just saw one of the landmarks that makes sense. Anyway, sorry, I was a little late.

8:57 - George Eastwood
Yeah, no worries. Yeah, my cousin, he lives the van life I mentioned in San Diego. But he parks, finds a spot, and then doesn't travel. So I was there two weeks ago. And I found places three blocks from where his cars parked that he hadn't been yet in two years, because he just goes to work. And that's what you end up doing. You end up like, you're almost like, you still, we still make ourselves stationary somewhere. Cause we need like a stationary home. Even if we're like, I'm going to wander everywhere. Like funny when everywhere I go, I do that, but I don't wander around this neighborhood that I live in, in Cumberland. I just had to drive around it and didn't know my way because I usually don't hang around here.

9:39 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 1
I totally, I totally understand what you're saying. And that's why I'm an explorer. Mike is not. He wants to get to the destination and then, all right, we made it. Let's keep going. I want to see more.

9:54 - George Eastwood
That's funny. That's my cousin, Mike. When I left San Diego, I was like, you're a van lifer who's not an explorer. Like, it's so weird to me that you didn't know these dumpsters were over here in the park and I could help you get rid of 20 pounds of garbage because I have a rental car. But you so didn't want to lose your prime spot that you didn't drive for two weeks and you piled up garbage in your in your seat like it's so funny to me it's like no like I didn't know they were here I didn't never left Ocean Beach like but I said you are not an explorer and I have to remember that like trying not to be a dick about it like I can be because I used to be mad that everybody wasn't like me it's like how do you not just take off and decide to go to Disney instead of Hershey Park in the middle of a trip You know, like, that was the one thing we did. We were going to Hershey Park. We set the clocks back, this was like eight years ago. We drove through New York. My ex-wife was asleep and the other kids were asleep. My son and I just kept driving. We're like, we'll wake everybody up when you get to Virginia. We'll just say we're going to Disney instead. Despite my ex-wife loving Disney, she still didn't love the surprise. I'm like, you know, it's too late to turn because we're in Virginia, right?

11:13 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 2
So, I really appreciate you being available and, you know, flexible with me, you know, coming and going the last few weeks, because I realize it's been quite a bit since we've spoken.

11:27 - George Eastwood
Yeah, no problem. It's good to have it marked off and, you know, I'll always be productive at 9 a.m. Because I'll be at my computer so even if sometimes even when you tell me at 901 it's better because I'm already sitting at my computer I'm like I'll do those tasks for work that I would have avoided so it's like I said I don't say that to everybody but having this at 9 a.m.

11:48 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 2
on Friday even if you don't make it I'm already like if possible in work mode earlier than I would be so it's good I, a lot has gone on and I actually have an ask and we're going to go see the bird situation while we talk and try not to be too obnoxious. Um, so I was wondering if you'd be willing to have a couple of actual working sessions where we are working on the deck. I need to put slides and a deck together. Yeah. And one thing I find, I found, it's kind of like what you said, even if we don't have these calls at nine and you end in the time to be productive. This is something I 100% have to put in the calendar within, because something else always comes up. And I need somebody else, like involved, pretty much will be accountable.

13:09 - George Eastwood
Yeah. Oh, yeah. I did it for my board meeting this time. I brought Adam, my right hand man in. Usually I don't, because he can't handle it. If I bring him in, he thinks he has to do everything. But I had to bring him in for some conversations to work my brain out just because it was yearly budget and I want to tell it's not even just the slides it was telling the story about why we want to spend $50,000 on this thing and I wanted to work it out and like make sure I wanted to spend that money right like I think there's something to it it's like you almost have to work out this plan and be asked questions about it to even understand if you want to do it right that's one That's also a big part of it.

13:54 - Unidentified Speaker
So you're not just looking at me.

13:59 - George Eastwood
How warm is it?

14:11 - Unidentified Speaker
There's the flamingo. Cool. I haven't been this close to it.

14:18 - George Eastwood
It's funny, just known flamingo that blew up chorus.

14:21 - George Eastwood
Holy shit.

14:30 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 2
I got to get some of these people shot, but what are you going to do? Holy cow. I'm trying to get back to Zoom, but I can't. Did I lose you? No, right?

14:54 - George Eastwood
I'm here.

14:55 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

14:57 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 2
OK. So I was wondering.

15:14 - George Eastwood
Yeah, yeah, it. It's good to, you know, it's funny, I can't synthesize on my own, but I, it's great to do because it's almost like all the work you've done, you want to tell the biggest headline of it, and it's always fun to get to it, but it does take some time. So happy to, start with whatever context, you know, we've done some of it, we've synthesized a bit of it, you've sent a lot of links, but kind of you can guide the way whenever, if you want to set up some times.

15:44 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 2
So, you know, when I was even thinking, because I'm having a lot of different conversations going into GPT, a lot of different threads, I brought some of them together, but then you get in the loop too, that's the other thing you get caught in that AI loop, which And then like, you know, challenges. That's why you need others. Yeah. Good. Yeah, when what what is what days are you thinking?

16:14 - George Eastwood
If certain time I mean I'm I try to make a consistent schedule but it's still all over the place and evening or whatever yeah me some ranges and we can find any time yeah I have one more call I must make and then I gotta do some stuff for the rentals.

17:07 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 2
And same thing. Sunday, we're gonna be driving. So, starting from like 7, 8 a.m. Your time. Well, tomorrow's practice. So I'll probably, Sunday will be practice. And I'll do Sunday morning practice. But then we're going to be driving. So as long as I have coverage, I can talk. And then next week, we're going to be stationary for at least a week, where I'll have good coverage the whole time.

17:48 - George Eastwood
So I can pretty much meet Yeah, so for tomorrow, what do you if there's a time in the morning, we could pick a time to sit and maybe it's like the Genesis is like you spend time today gathering outside of AI documents that are of relevant use, like what, like now that we've had that loop and we've got things, I'd say the thing would be, what can you gather to talk about? Like, is there some set of documents? And like, if we work tomorrow, anytime, if you pick like some window 45 between 10 a.m. And 1.30, then I could put that in and your task could be, let's gather the documents and just send them along right before and I could open them up and we could just talk about it as like a, what's here? What do I need? Almost like the first exploratory piece tomorrow. And that would set you up for travel and everything.

19:00 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 2
Perfect. Let's do it at 10. Oh my God, he has his wings open. He's on the carriage's block. I didn't know that.

19:09 - George Eastwood
I'll just, but yeah, put slide creation strategy in here. It'd be a good, sometimes naming what to do I found helps me and I'll put like gather documents and you know wherever you're at you know that is the thing in your head and even in real time gathering it and talking and recording it via Read AI is like a new version of like well how am I thinking about all this content I have and what is the goal of this and I guess maybe even now what is that what is the the genesis and the outcome that you're hoping for?

19:45 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 2
So I think the goal is, it's to really set out what, lay out the accomplishments from 24 and 25. You know, even put it into context in our beginning discussions in 23, where we had where we did the design thinking. This has come from that. You know what I mean? So give it that context, but now that's more in the rear view. And then, like 2024 was a transition year. 25 was kind of normalizing. I wouldn't say we're normal, but we've normalized. 26 is formalize, you know, a goal for 26 would be to produce a we could 990 actually seek grants, set us up for grant seeking, 27, you know, we could even establish some KPIs, you know, not too specific at this level, but high level, you know, it's like the strategic pillars, the outcome, must be the strategic pillars. And then this way, all the different things that are coming at us, as far as suggestions, recommendations, just, you know, this one thing, save that. But the question becomes, we already have a strategic plan, so where does your idea fit within the strategic plan?

21:25 - George Eastwood
Yeah, it's, I always say, the way that we can make the system, not a person, make a decision, that way it's no emotion tied to, what about the thing I want to do? And I'll tell you my board meeting I had Monday, my board chair brought up a random idea about an AI version of our founder during the yearly goal setting meeting. And I'm like, that's an idea, next board meeting, not on the agenda, right? Like, and I'm the one, like, I was sharp about it because he's the board chair bringing up the random ass idea. And I'm like, nope. And it was good to have because I wrote a letter on Friday saying goals, outcomes, budget. That's it. Everything else in the committees. I just took a stance because, like, you're not ready to do that the first time, but I think this is a step towards a year from now, everything you're now comfortable saying, nope, that's not on it, sorry. And I think it will take time, but like I said, you're basically progressing at exactly my speed, but about a year and a half behind. Just timing wise, but still along the same timeline and still a lot more stakeholders because nobody created it. It's funny. When like our foundation, the Whiteheads created it. So we can only worry about the Whiteheads. We don't have to worry about the whole school of cell therapy or something. So I think you're in that point. And it's like just getting people to understand that that's how you say no to things, right? Like maybe even the framing I'm brainstorming about how this has occurred. Like, I would help So Young with the garden all I could for her, but at the same time, I have a deep understanding that organizational energy could be taken away, and without a proper plan, it could go away. And I can see both sides so strongly, but if the strategic plan made that decision, it'd be a lot less harsh on, say, Quan Heng's name, not probably loving having to be so direct with So Young, right?

23:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Right, that's right.

23:24 - George Eastwood
Like, so I think that you're in that So it's, I think we did, so in my head, I have some of the look back stuff, some materials I put in my PZC Danielle George folder. So I'll gather those too, like before the meeting and you gather yours. And I think that's like, where were we? So one thing that I'll ask, we were so bad at measuring things before I started measuring things. I didn't know how to say that without making people feel bad because I didn't know a number. Like, is it five people we helped or is it 100? I wonder what your version of that is.

24:04 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 2
Well, I would like to do a PCC impact report.

24:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

24:09 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 2
That's basically what I see this as, in a way. Or definitely team up for that. Also 2025 a year of data collection. So because we really had, like you just said, we were really bad at measuring things before I started measuring things. So 2026, really our 2025 start of measuring things in the form of the Zephyr rollout you know, our bookkeeping is still a situation. So, have you gleaned from the emails where we stand? I'm switching gears just for a minute.

24:52 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 2
I'm curious.

24:54 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 2
Were you able to glean where we're at with the bookkeeping situation from the emails?

25:01 - George Eastwood
Yeah, you know, yesterday I had this once a month AI class at 9 a.m. On Thursdays. I thought I was going to be in the meeting yesterday, but then and I'm like, oh yeah, I signed up for this AI awareness thing that's like run by a professor on StubStack, so I wasn't there, but via the emails, I see that we're moving on and we need to make a decision, but I'm curious what functionally that is turning into for you.

25:30 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 2
Okay, so the decision has been made to move on and find a replacement. So, tactically what has happened now and strategically for me. Um, it was funny in December to give a short answer. We have a call Monday at 11 Eastern to talk with a woman about coming on to, you know, I didn't, I didn't hit her up completely, but in the email I said, help with our bookkeeping. Who she is, is her name is Veronique. You may have seen her on Kuzo or if you are on any of the online stuff. She is currently, all right, I'm gonna detach from this headset and put you in the, Bluetooth.

26:32 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 1
Okay. Let's see. It says you're over here.

26:47 - George Eastwood
That works.

26:49 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 1
Perfect. She is current, she was the former director of Quantum Europe. She is currently running the books for Cambridge. And in one week, during the seven day, three separate people said to me, oh, you need to get together with Veronique. You and her together would be an amazing team. I heard that from Zen Master Hyang Ja, Alma Connor, who would with Veronique in Europe because she's a Zen master in Europe. And Colway, Abbot of Cambridge, who she works for. And this other woman, Kelly Harmon, who was a fairly long-time resident in Cambridge who knows Barani from just being on the circuit and in Cambridge. So, you know, this whole thing with Amy, Laurie sent that last email. Quan Hing's team, I think, realized that no matter, even if she gets it right, she's still getting it wrong because that's exactly what is still happening, even as of this morning. So, you know, for every step forward, We're not crossing the goal line in building confidence. Anyway, so I did reach out to Varani. I'm really, really hoping, and I'm trying not to put too many eggs in the hopeful basket, but if she says yes, then we're golden.

28:41 - George Eastwood
Well, I will say, being someone that's been in the position, I would say people that have no idea what's going on are very impressed by people that have any idea what's going on. So I would bet it yourself before saying yes.

28:57 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

28:58 - George Eastwood
Well, thank you.

29:00 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 1
As much as I can. That's the other, you know, Sunim. My relationship with him continues to evolve. You know, I see things because I have a strategic brain and I try to guide him to not make more although he doesn't always listen. You know, when I, I said to him the other day and I said, you know, at some point I hope you and that master Tangong realize that I'm correct here. You know, I'm not trying to be all knowing, but I do have a little bit of experience under my belt and I can see the pattern and you're continuing the pattern. You know, the reason why you have me in this function is because I can see the pattern. And that's one of my strengths.

29:52 - George Eastwood
Yeah, I think it's, you know, it's interesting. I think about somebody highly praised within the sangha is great because there's already credibility and other work. Often that comes with someone set in their ways that can't adapt to things. So say Cambridge's books were in great shape when she in, she's going to look like a hero. They weren't, and she's never dealt with the chaos. That's a totally different person. That's just my general business way. So when I was becoming an executive at my company that went from zero to 30 million, I was hoisted old employees a lot from the company we used to be. And they were telling me, Lillian will be great. She is going to do this and this. And I'm like, not for this company. Force me to hire her a year later after California laws finally fired her. And she was thankful. It was the first person I ever had to fire. And she was so grateful. She's like, yeah, I haven't known what I'm doing since. Because they thought because she could schedule blood collections, like blood transfusion collections, that she was built for this innovative industry that I'm in, that also involves blood, but it's a very different world. So that's the piece I'd say. Just vet or properly set expectations. Just along the way. That's my only advice in this. I appreciate that.

31:12 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 1
And you know what? So properly set expectations. That's an excellent point, which is also what is driving my desire to create clear artifacts in the form of this deck. And really what I I see this as being a collection of slides that can be talked in and out for different points of conversation from different audiences, but the message is just very clear and concise across the board. To set the right expectation, like, this is the expectation that I people, this is what I expect people to understand of what has been happening. You know what I'm saying? To just the record straight, because Manim and I have been in the trenches here, but what we haven't done is articulated what's been going on. So then people make up their own story of what's been going on, which is correct.

32:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

32:27 - George Eastwood
kind of setting the record and setting the expectation of what the reality is. Does that make sense?

32:37 - George Eastwood
I mean, it's always right. And I find it funnier at the Venn Center that we know when we talk to one person, we're not getting the whole story better than any other group of people I know, or allegedly, right? I like to think that. But But when I'm in my day job, right? So let's try to give an example of where this is so simple. We did an event in Philly last week. Great event. Our founder came. I moderated a panel with him and another cancer patient and a mother, and it was amazing. I take my kids. They came to the event. We go back, hang out at the hotel. My founder goes out for drinks with our sponsor and things. They have a conversation with Tom, who knows nothing of how our foundation runs. Or anything. He's our founder and our voice and our heart. And the people that listen to what Tom said about what we'll do at the next event believe it all, right? But we have a contract, and we've already agreed to things. And luckily, we have that contract with me and my development director and them, because Tom said he'll moderate panels, he'll go to all this, because he thinks they'll pay him to do it. But we've already negotiated a contract. There is nothing in it. So I'm sitting in this discomfort myself in And I know what's going on, but everybody else is looking at what they wish was going on. And you'll be in that position here a lot. And you'd think in our Zen practice that we could realize that that last conversation that we had in the hallway with that one person isn't the whole picture, but we all fall for it. If I Read a biography about someone, all of a sudden I love this person, faults and everything. And then, oh yeah, I Read the next one, Like, I wrote it in a thing to my, I sent my therapist a little narrative about myself. It's like, I don't love reading books sometimes, because I don't want to have such a strong opinion towards the person that's skewed in that book, right? Like, you can be so guided towards that conversation. And someone like you will see all of those side conversations and have no choice but to be pulled in, like, are you all crazy that you don't see that none of, like, you're just seeing your favorite part of this because you want to go build a birdhouse? Or whatever the hell it is. Like, who knows what it is?

34:52 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 1
George, you are articulating something that happened this week. Actually, it happened twice in two separate groups where I clearly see a very clear reality. Like, real clear. And the people, they are just like, state of stone. Tie it back to practice. One thing we're lacking, like I don't hear anybody asking questions. See that's one thing that tells me I haven't done a good job in articulating and creating the artifacts is because people are still telling what they think they know. Not one or I can't say not what, I don't like to say what it is, but I will struggle to think of one who is asking, hey, what's going on? Which is mind boggling to me, because you're even asking the people who are in the trenches what's going on. Instead, you're telling what you think is or should be going on, which again is the exact opposite of our practice. The other thing that I have recently articulated to some of the decision makers throughout the organization is how I do get a kick out of the fact that we are in an organization who our practice is looking within and asking questions of within, but yet we're spending money. I don't even know what but Quantum America's budgeted $30,000 for a consultant. It's bananas to me. You've got, you've got Saga members who are willing to... Oh, that's where that place is. I'm just, I'm just driving up and down. While we're talking, doing some exploring, seeing things that I've seen ads for. You know, it just is mind-boggling to me that we don't have people asking within but looking to, you know, spend good money having a stranger come and tell us. Which all the stranger is going to do, a good consultant is going to come in and just ask all sorts of questions and then turn around We could do that ourselves. We don't have to spend 30 grand.

37:40 - George Eastwood
Yeah, you know, I've had a turn on that, actually, in complex organizations in that that is true, that all they will do is that. But I guess the back end of that is that we could do that on our own. Isn't true because everybody gets defensive. Like, I hate that it's $30,000 for somebody to nicely tell everybody their ideas. Are great while moving to the exact right thing that we should do. You know, they make fun of it with McKinsey all the time. No, all we do is hire them to tell them what we already know. It's like, yeah, but they make the people that don't know what the fuck's going on feel good about themselves and feel like they contributed. And then they get them on board with it. And that's all they do. And like, say, for instance, if I had met you and I didn't know what business you were working on, I'm not great at operational strategic planning. But if we sat there and recorded meeting and I just listened and told everybody they were great and then you and I went and worked on whatever. But the fact that I'm part of the practice, I'm too close to be able to do that, right? But any person could do it. I had a gigantic healthcare firm do it for free for me. It would be a $185,000 project over the course of a year. I said, do it for free and I'll work with you guys on some healthcare stuff later. And they did. It was a four-month engagement that took 16 months, because our board was, you know, landscapers and an ex-NFL football player and new pharma people and trusted members of the family of the Whiteheads and me and pharma executives. But over those 16 months, we were forced to meet together and ramble and have our voices heard. And it's like, yeah, none of it was necessary. And luckily, I got it for free. But it actually, the only way we could to all these people that were there and I don't know what the equivalent like I guess the challenge would be like I don't know it's like you and I doing this and then like we do a 45 minute meditation, I leave, you have a meeting and you are in like your most peaceful, everything's great, let me come back to you tomorrow. And then we look at it again and everybody, like we'd almost have to make it part of the practice.

40:06 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 1
That's not a bad, like a planning retreat or a Lansing retreat, I don't know.

40:15 - George Eastwood
I mean, so actually when I think about this strategically, right? I think about it strategically, you had all of these people in a room and it's like the equivalent of my board chair in that damn design thinking room being like, I like blue. And it's like, yeah, we're talking about higher level stuff, but you've now whittled it down to a select few on a strategic planning committee that could handle a real thing that the whole Sangha would believe they were working on their behalf. So I think the win is that created the group of people. Now, it's funny, Kwan Heng seems like, you're not involved in that. Like, because I've been practicing morning and night and showing up, I'm the only one outside. I've been committed to this for Heart Kilche. I'm like, yeah, you know, but it's OK. I kind of, I see the finance emails in this. In reality, it's kind of good that I'm not, because I can just bring unbiased sanity to you in the background. I know it sounds crazy, but to me, it makes more sense than me being in there, because I can guide towards how we could best utilize them with you. It's crazy to say, but I think it makes sense in this. Maybe this is how it is. I did some of that work with you already, so we have a couple slides of, I remember everything about that room. I remember the tension. Being like, oh my god, this is going to suck. I was anxious. I remember having to take calls in my car so I wasn't in front of a computer while everybody was rambling about nonsense. Now, I was very trained to sit there and look at my board while they talk about nonsense. Like, it helped me a lot in my practice of the foundation. But it is like the story for you and I is all of that resulted in a key group of people that really give a shit. Strategic planning committee, that should be the board of directors someday. But you have them there and trusted by the board of directors and that's the growth for you. And then how do you take that group in a planning retreat and find a way since you don't want to spend the 30K and I can set the stage for that with a great agenda on how you'll handle a two day retreat of it. And it's like, we'll start here and we'll talk about this. And then you can set that agenda and then we can get to work on all of the documents and planning You know, it's what a great deadline is. Eight people are going to sign up to sit with you and do two days of planning and meditating. And you and I are like, oh shit, we've got a deadline to deliver like the content for each of those sessions that they're going to do.

42:45 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 1
I think this is a great plan. What's our date?

42:48 - George Eastwood
Yeah. Uh, you know, having not been in that strategy committee, it's like, you know them and you know, the, the, theory, what is the method in bringing it up, getting them to feel like it's their idea to do this, and then finding a date once you convince them that they're so great for coming up with this idea?

43:18 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 1
Well, and then also when I think of it, like you say, some day that's the boy I think who should be included in that retreat is the board, they should be invited, and then maybe the members of the I'm losing you a little bit.

44:01 - Unidentified Speaker
Losing you a little bit.

44:28 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm going through a little bit of a bad area right here.

44:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, it's losing you a little bit there, in and out.

44:34 - Unidentified Speaker
Can you hear me now? Back?

44:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Back a bit, yeah.

44:37 - Unidentified Speaker
George?

44:38 - George Eastwood
Yeah, I can hear you now. I'm going to shut off my video, see if I can save some bandwidth for you. Yeah. Maybe if you shut off your, yeah, try your video off, maybe that'll help steal a little bit of bandwidth with? Okay, can you hear me? Yes, I can.

45:17 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 1
So I don't know if you've heard maybe that's included in such a retreat before, plus the functioning planning committee, who would be invited, and then like any other key contributor. So we can show the board some action, you know what I mean? Or see some higher level function action.

45:55 - George Eastwood
Yeah. And then how many members of the board are capable of understanding metrics of organizational behavior?

46:15 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 1
I would say that... I'm going to head back to the camera.

46:39 - George Eastwood
I mean, there's a level of people that should be on a board and not based upon the goals of the board and I struggle. Half of my board members don't give a shit about the letter I write on the Friday or the hundreds of hours I put in to get a strategy together. But that's okay. They just need to be on board for it and eventually be graduated to board member emeritus and replaced by somebody strategic in the next 10 years. You know, that's kind of the way I look at it. For me.

47:12 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 1
Well, one thing that I appreciate you always bringing to the conversation, George, is the element of slowing down the time expectation because That is a fact. You know, if in 2026 we could get it together enough to maybe produce a 990 the end of this year, I would be happy. Not, that might even need to get pushed to 2027, which then, you know, kind of changed the whole fundraising strategy a bit.

47:43 - George Eastwood
But the reality of it is, is it just might not happen in 2026 because things take Yeah, and you know, the a 990 great example, pointing, you know, I'm in this deeply right now. You know, something I would have lost my mind about, I am looking at as an opportunity to bring more structure. We got our 990 in late because the accountant that we use is our founder's personal accountant, and she deprioritizes the foundation. Unbelievable for the status we have in the world, but a product of the past. We got our 990 in November. We lost our New York City Marathon team because of it. That raises $50,000. That is a huge thing that we participated in. It really bothered me and it hurt me, but I'm like, what is the opportunity here is to point to this as a way to get rid of that accountant, you know? And I'm slowly working on it. And I actually assigned my most strategic board member who sold his last company for a billion dollars, can you help me and do this for me with the Whitehead family? It's going to be difficult. Can you work and get us a new accountant as head of my finance committee?" And I stepped away. And it's going to take a long time, but once I get rid of that, I now will have an FP&A person that is my person, that is operating in the best interest of the foundation, and the letting go will happen. But, you know, it's a long process to get there it's been five years but the 990 is a great thing to rally around so I love that idea like from this transcript in our planning is how 990 is a document that can be used to fundraise and how it's not just the numbers it's the impact report you put into a 990 that allows us to raise more money to help more people yep and I think that's a great piece, and maybe even very relevant, is that's why finance needs to be cleaned up, is to create this 990 to create a more sustainable fundraising mechanism.

49:49 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 1
Yep. And, you know, Veronique, I believe, understands this based on what I've been told, you know, that the European bloc, you know, they're, from what I understand, they're leaps and bounds ahead as far as just like bigger picture thinking and getting more of the school approach within quantum. And, you know, this is also for people who are coming from like a third country where we are all in the United States. You know what, I don't even care about quantum Americans. I'm focused on PZC. I am, I do care about quantum Americans because that impacts PCC. But, you know, the other thing is I think PCC is best served with reminding everybody that we are the beginning and the center of it. You I mean?

50:51 - George Eastwood
Like, that reminder is constantly needed, right? You know, I, the first pillar I put in in strategic pillars three years ago was foundation first, meaning We have to do what's best for us, but then I also have openly collaborative as the fourth pillar. And balancing between those two is getting people to understand, you know, everybody that thinks they're helping someone is often hurting them, you know. If I get my kids' clothes ready and make them breakfast every day until they're 16 and then they can't make breakfast, they're screwed, right? Right. So I look at that as, how do you say, how do we serve our mission first to have strength, and how does that mission serve the rest once we have that figured out? That's probably, it takes time because everybody thinks helping is jumping in and sharing their ideas, you know? Exactly.

51:52 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 2
And then the other thing too, the other short-term, immediate short-term need here, George, is I need help.

52:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

52:03 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 2
Because we're just missing opportunities because I can't do it all. And that is also why people are thinking they can just come through with ideas when we already have ideas. I just need bandwidth and support.

52:18 - George Eastwood
Well I think the strategic plan will help first help you prioritize so you see what is possible and then B build a plan for or what you can do to add to that plan, right? I call it like a software thing, you know, and I'm getting more into like how programming works, not necessarily programming, but they call them poll requests, right? You have a parking lot of ideas and they're great to be there, but we're not doing them until we get more resources to do them. And you pull in the new thing, not have a list of a hundred things and feel bad that you did four of them, you know? Like, how can we get to that? And I think it all ties into your main purpose of saying, yeah, let's get some kind of content together to gather people to talk about a defined set of goals in a strategic plan. And let's say it's not even a 50 year plan. It's this year's plan. And I'm, you know, the goal was to have a three to five year strategic plan two years ago at the foundation I'm running, but they're not ready to think that long ahead, especially when we were switching our mission. It's like, you were going to be Catholic now at the center. That's kind of our thing. We kind of expanded the mission to everything. But if you can get people to realize, yeah, 50-year was great. It brought all this great sangha together. But we need like goals for this year. And it doesn't even matter how late in the year. So say by April 1st, we need three high-level organizational goals. Maybe that's the genesis of this. Or maybe May 1st. That could be the whole you and I do is to get to three goals that everybody agrees on that we can then filter down to everybody else.

53:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

54:04 - George Eastwood
That would be good.

54:05 - George Eastwood
And we can obviously start with, how do you pitch people that that's the right idea? So say you and I were building slides, building things. You walk them along by, we'll be eons ahead in the strategy. But you kind of slow feed it. The first thing is trying to get them to agree that setting goals is a good idea, which people don't understand. I'll say it's not even a Zen Buddhist thing. It's the average American worker, lineman worker that started a foundation that didn't know how people spend money to make money sounds easy. But it's with a plan, with the guidelines, with a budget, with strategy. It's not just spend money and money comes in like people think. A lot of work behind the scenes to make sure the money you're spending is creating impact. So I think it's almost starting there. Do people realize that goals make sense? Because I sure as hell didn't at 31. I was pretty successful just winging it. I just like ran around like a maniac and went to innovative industries. And I just knew that that was unsustainable for long-term innovation though. So how do you, and maybe that's a good genesis. The first drip of information is you calling each person, hearing one idea from them, and then bringing it back to them in the first slide you show everybody. So for tomorrow, I have a call in five. But tomorrow, I put a half hour before, I'm going to try to gather the things that I've sent you or aggregated, and maybe at least call them something. Because we have like, they're all over the place, and that job is hard. And I won't, even though I put in my calendar, unless I say it to you out loud, that at 9, what time did I put? At 9.30 10 tomorrow morning, I'm going to do a half hour of focused digging on the essential highest level documents that you and I have, and being very stern with that highest level. What is something that's existential the work that we've generated? And I'll have them looked at and named for 10 AM tomorrow perfect that's huge thank you and they'll probably be like distillations of your bigger more elaborate pieces because if you think about it that giant Google Doc you had we did turn that into some high-level slides and that was a great work of like if you can go and write 10 pages about anything that's a great start to dig in because you've given the context to everything you know right So I'll work on that from 930 to 10. And I don't know if there's any other newly acquired documents or the growth of that strategic planning committee that you haven't mapped out. Like we started with these seven people. We got here and here. That's almost, maybe that's relevant information. We probably even talked about it at times too.

57:00 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 2
I'll have to kind of go through and see what else I can share.

57:05 - George Eastwood
And you know, I do have all of our transcripts that I created that very like analysis of the conversation. I can guide that towards what are the highest level strategic things, like literally point a new prompt at that folder I created and say, pull out all the great high-level stuff we had in all of our rambling that people aren't getting it. That's kind of what I do to myself. I'm like, I'll ramble in the woods on a hike about the truth and then say, now, how do I make this positive and board-friendly?

57:35 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 2
All right, good, that's helpful.

57:39 - George Eastwood
Yeah. So yeah, tomorrow at I 10, said, any thoughts or like, what I'll do, I'll send the outcome of this conversation, since we said we'll do a bunch of different things. I'll send this to you, like, as soon as my Read AI spits out our input, if it's here, and we'll just start from scratch tomorrow. Perfect.

58:01 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 2
I really appreciate it. Thanks so much.

58:04 - George Eastwood
I mean, it's fun. And I am committed to the school in practice and want it to survive. So it's personal, too. But I can also remove myself from that. Much like a monk would be, it's like, yeah, if it doesn't work and the school collapses and everybody leaves, I'll still meditate for 25 minutes and do my vows in the morning. I'll be all right. But I can gather people to make sure it doesn't.

58:30 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 2
That's what I'm trying.

58:34 - George Eastwood
So I appreciate you putting in the work to do it because it does mean a lot. Thank you, George.

58:40 - Conference Room (Danielle Alpher) - Speaker 2
Yeah. All right. We'll talk to you in the morning.

58:44 - George Eastwood
All right.